sentence	humour type
before cameras, you needed no hard proof of legendary feats, which led to heroic and supernatural stories. contemporarily we have no folk heroes, but rather social media famous personalities. 	2
if you watch jackie chan movies in reverse they become documentaries about a guy that fixes furniture with kungfu and his feet. 	4
charities plea for more funding for covid-19 bereavement support https://t.co/wciyumex0c	0
us house of representatives gets ready to vote on whether to impeach president trump over last week's deadly attack on congress  for the latest ⬇️ https://t.co/zowtcihkcr https://t.co/dw77eya5gi	0
cars with camo wraps actually stick out more than regular cars 	5
how do we know that dinosaurs made actual roaring noises they could have made chicken noises 	4
braces used to symbolise nerdiness now it can be used to flex by the people who are able to afford them. 	2
whoever said that there is no such thing as a stupid question, obviously never worked a support type job. 	7
30 seconds of ‘bop it’ would make a funny ringtone. 	1
"india has shipped tens of thousands of free doses of covid-19 vaccines to neighbouring countries in what is being widely described as ""vaccine diplomacy""  but, what do we know about the vaccines?  https://t.co/vjrxhmktjs"	0
the book 'the lorax' was about saving trees and the environment, but sold millions of paper copies. 	5
clothes make the man, men make children and children make clothes. it's the circle of life. 	5
there are objects you own that will never be exposed to the sun. 	3
if there exists an exact clone of our universe in the phase space, there exists an infinite number of our universe in the phase space. 	4
damn, you suck, can be both an insult and a compliment. 	3
"the guy who sold the steering wheel for $27,001 on bay to ralph in ""ralph breaks the internet"" must have been pretty stoked. bidding started at $200 and he ended up getting more than 135x that."	7
ap lifestyles: when window boxes get creative, “one person tries something, and suddenly their neighbor is saying, ‘that’s really nice, how did you do that?’” https://t.co/18tqo617gj	0
150 years from now, completely new population of people will be living on the earth. 	3
“given all that is going on in the world, i don’t think putting me on a pedestal is appropriate at this time.” dolly parton asked tennessee lawmakers not to put a statue of her at capitol in nashville. https://t.co/uzeavmnz8s	0
unless you walk around 100% butt naked for around two hours, you can never fully be done with your laundry. 	4
the study suggests ways that news organizations can reach people they may be turning off, showing that consumers are interested in news that highlights potential solutions to problems and want to hear about things that are working. https://t.co/aux9x9o2th	0
where are the new covid-19 variants coming from? and why do viruses mutate? https://t.co/ungwt3or30	0
"go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning is the human version of ""did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"" "	3
if you wore a clock on the front of a belt it'd just be a giant watch 	3
you can't explain to someone which way is left or right without using your hands or using other object in that direction. 	3
the first showerthought was probably a guy who had a showerthought about realising he had a showerthought. 	4
a lot of people say they hate their jobs, but they’ll sure enough drive 90 mph to get there in the morning. drive like you hate your job.	5
we haven’t really changed much since the middle ages, we still fight and people still die needlessly. it is a shame. 	5
for a few months at a time, women have nearly twice the normal amount of bones in their body. 	3
it's weird to watch other people's half naked kids play unless you're wearing red shorts and sitting in a really tall chair. 	4
people correcting you for calling their dog the wrong gender (ie “she” when it’s a boy) is probably one of the most pointless things ever. there’s almost no context where it would ever matter. 	5
golf is the only sport that promotes drinking and driving 	5
parents that force their kids to quit their hobby, because their school grades are bad, deserve punishment for taking the last bit of joy out of that childs life. 	6
"just gonna send it is 2019's version of ""yolo"" "	1
if magic brooms vibrate like car engines, wiches must have a great time using them. 	4
nearly every college freshman in the world this year will have been born after the year 2000. 	3
there is no nostalgia anymore because the internet has immortalized every event, tv show, photo, so that everything is current. 	5
"in a few months jim beam will release a ""select"" bourbon that was really barrels which got singed and a tad smoky but otherwise intact. "	4
our anscestors mightve ate food they were allergic to and thought it was poisonous there are probably food we though were poisonous but are not	3
everyone uses cluster fuck as a bad or messed up term, but technically it's an orgy. 	7
a border patrol agent in texas has captured the moment he was approached by a young boy in floods of tears  https://t.co/rx6ic4kbyc https://t.co/ycnbrnjuyh	0
we’ve gone from putting log in a fireplace to logging in for a fireplace. 	5
the worlds first spy must’ve had a pretty unsuspicious and unsuspecting job 	7
if you thought licking your elbow was hard, lick your buttcheek. 	7
universal music jumps on the k-pop bandwagon https://t.co/a74m3uubvq	0
you would never know if it was your last ass wipe 	2
saturday's would suck if literally no one had to work 	7
nowadays people think twice before jumping in water, worried they may have electronics on them that will get damaged. we may not be cyborgs yet but we are already thinking like them. 	4
literally everyone is an npc but you. i smoked a blunt for the first time in a decade and was upset that i couldn’t be other people.	4
if elevators were invented before stairs, the floors above and below you would likely be referred to as upelevator and downelevator. 	5
mary wilson — a motown legend and style icon  looking back at the life of the supremes co-founder, who has died aged 76 https://t.co/dcperj7oph	0
90% of people have probably never seen a porno from start to finish. 	2
everyone already has a completely free choose-your-own-adventure virtual reality device: lucid dreaming. and yet no one's talking about it (9 years after that inception movie)!  if there were a virtual reality game whereby you could literally *experience* having sex with anyone, murder anyone, and farming anything, it would be flying off the shelves!	3
who scheme covax delivers first covid vaccines to ghana https://t.co/mkanv0q0zh	0
since elastigirl from incredibles can change her body to be in any shape, she chooses to always be as thicc as she is. 	2
cars in the future will probably have some type of fingerprint scanner instead of a key. 	1
a lawyer for a former minneapolis police officer charged in george floyd's death asked the judge again to allow evidence of a previous arrest during which floyd was found with drugs. the prosecutor derided it as an attempt to “smear” floyd’s character. https://t.co/j34xqkk2vu	0
when something has no taste, it's because it has the same taste as your tastebuds. 	4
one thing that defies all laws of physics is earphones getting tangled. no matter where you put them they always get tangled 	2
even if we achieve the impossible and reach the speed of light, it is still too slow in the long term. a message from earth to mars would still take 4 hours. 	3
we get away with speeding quite often if we pass an off duty officer in their personal vehicle and they probably wish they were in their patrol car. 	4
people chose to ignore the fact that another mass extinction is inevitable and it’s just as likely in time another organism will evolve to our same potential as humans. 	8
snow is blanketing parts of syria, lebanon and israel, blocking roads, disrupting traffic and even delaying exams at some universities. https://t.co/116ypkqpov	0
one of the greenest choices you can make in the world today is to have no kids 	6
australia has a reputation for deadly snakes but india has ~45,995 more fatalities from snake bites each year. 	5
lady gaga sings the us national anthem at the inauguration ceremony for joe biden and kamala harris  https://t.co/rkhtzrrnh2 https://t.co/gvvxy1qj1d	0
"if you have two dads, you're technically immune to ""yo mama' jokes, but if you have two moms, you get double damage. "	3
christmas is the one time of year that the rest of the world boards the rgb hype train. 	1
we swallow our own spit constantly, but the thought of spitting into a glass and drinking it is repulsing 	5
alec baldwin deactivates twitter account over 'switching accents' joke https://t.co/ihaxaf9sar	0
a galaxy looks a lot like a hurricane on a massive scale 	3
if your and someone else’s blinks are perfectly synchronised, you’ll never see the other person blink. 	3
some of biggest problems in civilization may have been solved in dreams but not remembered. 	3
eighty in french is “quatre vingt” which translates to 4 20 in english. 	3
misleading claims shared about covid-19 vaccines in india https://t.co/7c7tckusfw	0
thousands of turtles rescued from cold in storm-hit texas https://t.co/ntzbyiary5	0
if cats’ tongues have papillae (the hooks on their tongues) you could use a cat’s tongue to connect velcro. 	4
europeans spent hundreds of years searching the world for spices, yet don’t even use them on their food. 	5
it’s a shame that splinter didn’t teach turtles to recycle pizza boxes 	4
when we pick up our dog’s poo, we are literally taking away the food of thousands of starving flies. 	3
there must be a bunch of people who have choked to death on some stupid shit. 	5
breaking: israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu accuses iran of attacking israeli-owned cargo ship in gulf of oman last week. https://t.co/hkh2ppvbwk	0
an mp3 let’s you hear gunshots. an mp4 lets you see gunshots. an mp5 lets you feel gunshots. 	4
author behind bridgerton excited as series recommissioned by netflix  https://t.co/pfei6koogm https://t.co/p8zxo7fkwu	0
if legos were invented in the 1600s, they probably would have been used as a torture method. 	7
people who wear clothes to look like they don't care actually care a lot about looking like they don't care. 	5
we thought increased availability of information would help more people find the truth, instead people just believe more bullshit 	5
extreme gardener sounds way cooler than farmer. 	4
the older people get, the more they enjoy receiving socks on christmas. 	7
when you release a helium balloon into the air you're littering now but you're also littering later. 	3
smelling like dirt and smelling dirty are more often than not, two very different smells 	4
people probably wouldn't have the same ethical arguments about cosmetic procedures if everyone could afford them 	3
brunch is the love baby of breakfast, lunch and happy hour it can be sweet, it can be savory, it can be spicy, it can be healthy, it can be boozy, it can be light, it can be heavy. there are no wrong answers and you’re still functional the day after. i don’t get the people that dislike it.	4
you can physically feel all of your emotions somewhere in your body 	3
every single time you nut, you become a fountain of youth 	3
quebec top court upholds most of religious symbols secularism bill https://t.co/ldcm9vxemm	0
somebody at one point picked up a gold nugget and said yep this is valuable and everyone just agreed 	4
if heaven and hell exist, they’re most likely full of old people. 	3
can argentina's change of abortion law alter the continent? https://t.co/ojx2ciuvmz	0
a woman pregnant with with twin sons has more dicks inside her than when she was impregnated. edit: assuming it was a one on one	4
breaking: italian premier giuseppe conte's office says he intends to resign as the head of a government that was weakened last week by a key ally's defection. conte has led a long-bickering center-left coalition for 16 months. https://t.co/pv2siql2bc	0
french skiers swerve covid in cross-country boom https://t.co/fq7qcrbpid	0
people exercise more discipline in not defecating themselves than in having an unwanted pregnancy accidents happen!	7
if a dude successfully jumps into a basketball hoop, he made two slam dunks 	3
our teeth just turn regular food into baby food. and we think we're making progress...	4
you realise you’ve hit adolescence when you begin preferring the bottom bunk over the top bunk. 	3
yaphet kotto, james bond villain and alien actor, dies at 81 https://t.co/vypbo4dxsk	0
there are incredibly talented people who do not enjoy, or like, there talent. 	3
a guy/girl that doesn't have any friends can probably just adopt a dog and get a better friend than any human 	3
defense officials tell ap they fear possible inside attack at inauguration and are having national guard troops in dc vetted. https://t.co/7rrhozuhe4	0
we use the term hair when referring to large amounts but hairs when there is only a few 	3
daft punk probably has headphones under their helmets. 	4
a 10 yr old can see more naked women in 10 minutes than his ancestors could in multiple lifetimes 	4
if you suck an army man’s dick, you are receiving a honourable discharge. 	7
since some people are born with functioning extra fingers, the rest of us are all disabled, relatively. 	3
"have a nice day, and ""have a nice life,"" are the same thing, to a mayfly. "	5
the most noticeable part of a kids growth is when they start calling you mom/dad instead of mommy/daddy 	3
rubbing something on your skin is the same as rubbing something off of it. 	3
as the human species has evolved due to harsh conditions on this planet such as climate and gravity, colonizing on a different plant could lead to evolving to an unrecognizable state. edit: planet misspell.	3
the past’s idea of the future influenced our present to look like their perception of it. 	3
if time travelers are real , then a lot of tragedies have probably been prevented by them 	3
if the teenage mutant ninja turtles and pennywise ever run into each other in the sewers, some extreme things are going to happen. 	4
most people have only one unblocked nostril, but it feels like both are unblocked. 	2
we can dislike people when they are alive but it is frowned upon when they are dead 	3
clowns have no class, but classes have clowns 	3
if you're in a park and sleeping on a bench, people think you're homeless. if you're in a park and sleeping in the grass, people just think you like nature. 	3
"they say ""fake it until you make it"" works for confidence but not really for depression. "	3
sunscreen provides feedback for how well it was applied 	3
one of the hardest parts of being an adult is being responsible for choosing meals three times a day. 	2
a great example of a chain reaction is 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 and adding 1 	3
sometimes we get really good ideas while lying in bed because our brain can relax a little ... then i usually forget them the next morning.	2
getting an eyelash in your eye is not only ironic, it’s mutiny 	5
jordan's king abdullah describes 'most painful' royal rift  https://t.co/rwmx5pigbt	0
the weirdest thing about scooby doo is that shaggy continually eats dog food and nobody seems to see that as being a problem 	3
society tries to shame women for uncovering their bodies the same way it tries to shame men for uncovering their emotions. 	3
biden raises election meddling with putin in first phone call https://t.co/3alvgagxz2	0
the person who first cracked open an egg and ate it was probably desperately hungry. 	4
thanks to the internet, the human race is both closer together and more distant than ever before 	3
while adding 19 and 7, we subconsciously add 20 and 6 	3
"pfizer covid vaccine ""stopping 91% of cases in first six months,"" study suggests https://t.co/nf38ug52hs"	0
somewhere in the universe there is somebody staring at the stars, and not realizing that one of them is our sun 	3
nato's chief says the alliance has agreed to withdraw its roughly 7,000 forces from afghanistan to match president joe biden’s decision to pull all american troops from the country starting may 1. https://t.co/c1ciw0acnn	0
when the majority of cars on the road are electric it will be weirdly quiet when you are waiting at a red light. 	4
if you died on the job your employer would most likely clock you out first. 	3
you probably widened your mothers hole more than your father 	3
everything outside is louder when you're in a tent. 	3
at this rate of, whenever bionic eyes truly break the market, we might have to pay for an ad-free subscription to use our eyes without pop-ups. 	4
take a second to think about how an adult thinks when they look at you. now think about what a child thinks when they look at you. 	4
a  34-year-old grizzly bear captured in southwestern wyoming and euthanized last year has been confirmed as the oldest on record in the yellowstone region. wildlife officials say the male bear had just a few teeth left and weighed 170 pounds. https://t.co/sgzya7p12j	0
we regard ourselves as intelligent life in the universe, but all alien species that exists may regard us as the stupidest 	4
you know you’re getting old when you watch a movie from the fast and furious franchise and think about insurance. 	7
volvo cars bets on electric vehicles https://t.co/0ywnclv3lh	0
you can identify who went to the toilet late at night just by their footsteps 	4
fire drills have only taught people not to react to fire alarms. 	3
vegan lunch meat is truly phoney bologna. 	4
a mii fighter costume got more attention than an actual fighting character in super smash bros ultimate, huh 	4
a racial gap has opened up in the nation's covid-19 vaccination drive, with black americans lagging behind whites in receiving shots, @ap finds. that's true in each of the 17 states and two cities that have released racial breakdowns through jan. 25. https://t.co/xxtc2sqew8	0
if spiders suddenly got the ability to teleport, no one would notice any difference. 	4
home is a place where 'we have fries at home ' doesn't sounds good. 	3
younger generations will only know clowns as scary creatures from horror movies because no one goes to the circus anymore. 	4
it’s ironic that the more money you have, the more likely you are to say “money isn’t everything”. 	5
any pizza is a personal pizza if you're sad enough. 	3
all your clocks including your phone could be a minute off and you would probably never know. 	3
team rocket is the real heroes. every movie they secretly save the day and never ask for credit. 	1
you know you’re successful when people start saying you sold your soul to the devil 	4
in the distant future kids will probably dress up as gangsters and mafia members the same way kids nowadays dress up as pirates, considering both are organized crime from their respective eras 	4
a hospital is a business that tells you when its ok to stop buying their product 	3
we’re one of the last generations of people that will ever see the earth this good. go see it and go outside your country, cos our great grandchildren will never get to see most of the things we’re able to 	2
"it is hard to tell which aspect of ""dexter"" upsets one more, that the main character is killing a bunch of people or that he is dumping that much plastic into the ocean when covering it up. "	3
humans are too lazy to create a word that describes the taste of water, so instead they say it has no taste. 	3
us greenhouse gas emissions tumbled below their 1990 level last year, because of covid-19 shutdowns  https://t.co/s9dhadmoiw	0
we can all agree that mosquitoes suck, one way or another. 	4
when you drink something you are also drinking flavored saliva 	3
spy pixels in emails 'have become endemic' https://t.co/nfgmqd5bey	0
if we continue causing severe climate or negative biological changes to earth as a human race. we are no better than any other invasive creature that exists today. so just as we exterminate them it’s likely something will want to exterminate us too. 	6
schools and camps across the county are making plans to help kids catch up academically this summer after a year or more of remote learning. the governors of california, virginia, kansas and other cities are among those pushing for more summer learning. https://t.co/xt3x4sfwze	0
ww1 and ww2 are really the same war with a 20 year cease fire 	3
you know it’s time to change jobs when thursdays are favored over fridays because they are one day further away from next monday. 	7
jokes in themyscira (wonder woman’s home) probably be like “there once was a man that could fight” then everyone just laughs hysterically. 	4
if a toothpaste was actually recommended by 10/10 dentists, either everyone would buy it, or no one would believe it 	7
people who turn their blinker on as they turn are more annoying than the people who don't use it at all. 	7
you could have a whole book that is one sentence by just using semicolons, instead of periods, until the last word. 	4
if you make a self deprecating joke the people who try to cheer you up make you feel terrible and the people who are laughing at your expense make you feel good. 	3
if you’re allergic to bees, every bee is a killer bee for you. 	3
the rain has been asked to go away more than anything else f's in chat	4
receiving zero comments on a roastme post must be a huge confidence boost. 	4
if ai keeps advancing, there will be a point in time where video game npc's will have real emotions and killing them will be like killing real people. 	4
the most common interracial combinations seem to be black man/white woman and white man/asian woman. while the opposite in both cases is way rarer. 	3
a sperm that you beat to the egg might’ve been more successful than you in life 	4
if alexa, google home, etc, are always listening, they hear and record a lot of farts. 	3
coronavirus: how russia glosses over its covid death toll https://t.co/azdv9idaz7	0
"people keep saying ,""you are not a unique snowflake"", but from a genetic perspective that's a lie. "	3
kenyan man pleads not guilty to trafficking illegal ivory and rhino horn https://t.co/ea4vlkm45d	0
the number of national guard troops being deployed to washington to assist with security for the presidential inauguration has grown to about 21,000, officials say. that number could increase as law enforcement agencies review the ongoing threats. https://t.co/gvnimokggn	0
if there is an infinite number of universes, then every work of fiction ever created is simply a glimpse into a different universe 	4
it only takes locking yourself out to realize just how (un)safe your home is from burglars 	7
the coronavirus recession has been especially cruel, victimizing people at the bottom of the pay scale.   in the 2008-2009 great recession, middle- and higher-wage workers bore the brunt of job losses.	0
middle age is enjoying stranger things while simultaneously knowing for a fact kids didn't speak to each other like that in the eighties. 	7
if you've never seen a chameleon in your life, there's still a chance you have looked right at one. if you have seen a chameleon in your life, that wasn't a very good chameleon. 	4
everyone's butthole is in the pool / hot tub with you. 	3
if you hold the record for most world records. that adds you another record which would then break the previous record that would then add you another record ad infinitum 	3
being awkward is the only thing that you can fully experience again by imagining it, unlike pain. 	3
it's been ages, but 'calling' symbol in most of the smartphones is still the old telephone. 	4
why india and nepal's forest fires are worrying scientists  https://t.co/dmmdifjney	0
if sporky in toy story 4 exists because he was played with what hppens when a kid plays with its food if sporky in toy story 4 is alive because he was played with what happens when a kid plays with its food	3
we will only ever see fireworks from a 2d perspective, instead of their actual 3d shape. 	4
the average man lives way better today than kings did hundreds of years ago... 	3
masturbating before making important decisions is like eating before grocery shopping 	3
there is probably some creepy dude out there that would pay a lot of money for that bluebell icecream that girl licked 	3
anybody ever think about how there's like 7,500 kinds of apples and some people have only eaten like 3 or 4. 	4
it impossible for the flat-earth theory to be true because even if the earth isn’t a sphere, the mountains, oceans, lakes, etc. make the earth not flat. 	3
"saying ""one two"" repetitively sounds different from saying ""two one"" repetitively. "	3
when medical technology improves trans women will finally be able to answer whether giving birth or being kicked in the balls hurts more. 	4
your most embarrassing public story is probably retold to strangers by strangers. 	4
you can't choose to not read a word you understand when you see it. 	4
we fucked up the minute we decided 60 seconds was a good number to gauge time. 	7
rough waters are the same thing to a fish as a windy day is to us 	3
even after 7 books and 8 movies, we've never seen a hogwarts graduation ceremony. 	4
us treasury secretary janet yellen warns of “explosion of risk” from criminals using digital technologies   https://t.co/rx1iturh5u	0
the urge to pee is increased by tenfold when you are trying to get your pants unbuckled 	2
it’s fine to drink milk as long as it’s not from your species 	5
fauci says the u.s. hopes to begin vaccinating younger children by late spring or early summer.  the results of clinical studies to determine whether vaccines are safe for younger children could influence the debate over how to safely reopen schools.  https://t.co/znxastexx4	0
we have 4k tvs, pushing for higher, yet we still have tv channels that can only be viewed in sd 	3
the lincoln project says it will conduct an external review of co-founder john weaver's tenure. the anti-trump group had been informed about at least 10 harassment allegations against weaver months before it expressed shock over him being accused. https://t.co/rwms59eltl	0
being given money or change back, there's a chance that you've just been given your own coin or note back 	3
almost all cars have cup holders nowadays, but one with a napkin dispenser would kick ass. 	4
you've probably closed one eye more than the other 	4
health experts blame vaccine shortages in part on the trump administration’s push to get states to expand their vaccination drives to the nation’s estimated 54 million people age 65 and over. there aren't enough doses to meet that demand.  https://t.co/hf9wlxj4hs	0
breaking: moscow court rejects russian opposition leader alexei navalny's appeal against his prison sentence. https://t.co/tgognp4n5g	0
breaking: minnesota prosecutor says he will charge white police officer with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of black motorist daunte wright. https://t.co/vdlgp84ft5	0
a note you kept in a safe may one day become historical documents 	4
india's supreme court puts on hold three contentious farm laws that have sparked weeks of protests   https://t.co/eluodhwabi	0
cell phones haven't been around long enough for scientists to study long term effects on our bodies and in 20 years we might all start dropping like flies. 	3
the chicken that crossed the road was trying to kill himself. that’s the “other side”. 	8
a small child can fit in the arteries of a blue whale 	3
when you write h8 you're actually writing height which is completely different than hate but people still recognize it by hate. 	4
prince harry on life in california and what he thinks about the crown https://t.co/32cuumgi3n	0
myanmar coup victims: the 'fallen stars' from the deadliest day https://t.co/odxhcumuzp	0
anything can be breakfast food if you eat it in the morning 	3
40 years ago, having to type a paper was a huge burden, now having to write a paper by hand is a huge burden 	4
people that do not celebrate birthdays, cake day is a second useless day 	4
from the white house to the doghouse 🐾  https://t.co/g8sxnxuzst	0
sharing headphones with a girl became way less intimate with airpods 	4
far into the future, it will be common to enjoy entertainment recorded 500 years earlier 	3
every single one of your ancestors right back to the first living organism got laid before they died. 	4
pornhub probably has the most civilized comments section on the internet 	3
'putin's palace': builders' story of luxury, mould and fake walls https://t.co/w5c4gz2xti	0
every hot spring pond is a giant cuppa tea if you put enough tea bags and sugar. 	4
humans at sporting events who spot themselves on the big screen will always wave at it even though they must know the difference between a tv and a camera. 	7
'burnt' food always has that same taste, no matter what the food is or what it's made out of 	3
the more you collect a specific object the more rare it becomes for everyone else. 	3
“rest in peace” sounds a lot more impactful than “rip”. 	3
breaking: china says world health organization experts to arrive thursday for investigation into origins of coronavirus pandemic. https://t.co/t7xt0ubttt	0
a dark and stormy night terrified us as kids, but sounds so relaxing as an adult. 	3
somewhere on earth is a brand new tool that can trace it's lineage back through thousands of years of tools that were used to make tools. 	4
all cars are solar powered if you follow fossil fuels back far enough. 	3
poetry was probably the rap of the olden days 	3
"in december 2018, pictures of ex-un human rights envoy mary robinson having lunch with latifa were published by the dubai government  mary robinson says she now realises she was ""horribly tricked"" and misled  latifa was unaware of mary's identity  https://t.co/tbyllpsywt https://t.co/0hun7b9wma"	0
if zombies existed in the old west you could claim ‘wanted’ rewards for the most dangerous twice 	4
after all the horror movies, it’s pretty likely that more people have been scared by scarecrows than crows have been scared by scarecrows. 	4
awkward silence is only awkward if we wait for 3 seconds 	3
pangong lake: india and china complete pull-back of forces https://t.co/r8ddt25bh7	0
rabies is probably the origin story of all these zombie horror movies spread through bites? check. turns you into a slavering creature? check. kills you eventually in a highly emaciated and dehydrated state? check.	4
let's all pay a moment of respect for those who are in charge of making the credits of movies 	4
your funny bone isn't a bone, a brainfreeze isn't a brain freeze, your boner isn't a bone. life is a fuckin lie 	4
dating someone ugly who then later gets hot is the tactic stock day traders use 	3
if every twenty minutes of unpaid overtime allowed you one wrestling-style-chair-attack on your immediate boss we'd all be a lot happier. 	4
we accept the impossible logic of dreams easier than the reasonable logic of reality. 	3
the word “cute” is found in things that aren’t cute. persecute. prosecute. execute. 	3
every slide is a slip'n'slide if it's raining.. 	3
at the beginning of society, we used to try to impress others by giving them nice things, then we started to try to impress others by not giving them nice things, and hoarding them for ourselves, instead. i wonder what's next.	3
"congressman joaquin castro quotes canadian prime minister justin trudeau, who called the capitol riots an ""assault on democracy... incited by the current president"", as evidence america's reputation with allies suffered  follow impeachment trial live: https://t.co/y4shiopct9 https://t.co/wx3yx2wd7e"	0
the person that didn't thank you for holding the door might think about it later and self-shame into being a better person later. 	3
old people will make fun of teens for having a crappy mustache/beard but will cling onto the 12 hairs on their head 	5
"ireland's vaccine rollout ""catching up"" on northern ireland https://t.co/3ynhfi9fzf"	0
malaysia high court rules christians can use the word 'allah' to refer to god https://t.co/glgrgdhraq	0
two people out there are the happiest couple alive without knowing. 	3
your past self is both old you and young you 	3
painting are actually secret currency for the rich. 	3
"it would have been a good pr stunt for amazon (company) to spearhead the stopping the amazon fire that's happening. feels like a missed opportunity there.  edit: ""stopping of the amazon fire""... that typo is going to eat me up."	3
thanks to online streaming services, there are people watching for the very first time classic 1990s tv shows in 2019. 	3
someone with nothing is a loser. but technically you can't be a loser if you have nothing to lose. 	4
in order for batman to have multiple partners, each at varying ages of teen/young adulthood, he’d have to be at least 50 by now. 	4
with all the monopolies in the world today, there still isn’t one hair salon chain that is immediately recognized by everyone 	3
most of the time, the people who bitch about immigrants not completely knowing their new language don’t even know how to use their own. 	5
breaking: japan designates osaka, 2 other prefectures for new virus control steps as infections rise 4 months before olympics. https://t.co/95yyiztuzy	0
thanks to social media, what happens in vegas doesn't stay in vegas, at all. 	5
we have a lot of smartcars with dumbass people in them. 	3
dutch pm mark rutte's party wins most seats in parliamentary elections, projections show https://t.co/le5okvknji	0
"warner bros.' live-action-animation hybrid “tom &amp; jerry” has debuted with $13.7 million in ticket sales, the best domestic opening this year. the strong start could signal a not-so-distant recovery for theaters, despite just 42% of u.s. cinemas being open. https://t.co/qpfmkkkqaz"	0
anime characters run with their arms straight out because it's easier to animate, not because it's better. careful naruto runners: it isn't more aerodynamic, just cheaper.	3
every toothbrush is recommended by dentists because they just want us to brush our teeth 	3
fatherfucker doesn't have the same ring to it 	4
photo gallery: highlights of some of the most compelling images made or published by @ap photographers in the europe and africa regions. https://t.co/ysas709w1n	0
at some point in your life, you've probably made eye contact with a murderer, without even knowing it. 	3
a bartender’s dominant hand is most flammable 	3
"instead of ""you sound like a broken record,"" future generations will probably say, ""you're buffering."" "	4
are you asleep? is probably the stupidest and most ridiculous question ever. 	7
"taken (the first one) is the closest we'll ever to get a live action, r rated version of ""finding nemo"" "	3
property prices only go up because cities are only getting bigger 	3
lots of small endangered insects have probably been killed by people who didn’t know 	3
scented candles are the fire version of tea. 	4
your tongue is really good at dodging your teeth while eating. 	4
kamala harris's uncle says her mother was greatest influence on her life  https://t.co/25joazvsiu https://t.co/0b4qtsjjua	0
one day our phones will know when we fall asleep and automatically stop our audiobooks and podcasts. 	4
tracking the pandemic in the u.s. here are the latest figures on covid-19 cases, deaths and vaccinations across the country. https://t.co/jkuqp5vfdz	0
pooping is your body’s revenge for eating 	3
a hong kong court has denied bail to 32 out of 47 pro-democracy activists charged under a beijing-imposed national security law, ending a four-day marathon court hearing.    https://t.co/nokyw8dssz	0
"a ""grounded, realistic"" version of batman would just go through therapy until he didn't need to be batman. "	4
due to increasing temperatures around the globe, skiing and snowboarding might become almost exclusively indoor sports in the future 	3
"a ""wish list"" is both hopeful and hopeless. "	3
the “its only $5, why not buy it” mentality will probably cost thousands of dollars in the long run 	3
muffins are the grown-up versions of cupcakes 	3
the last guy on earth will probably be extremely rich in a bunker and wondering how to buy out of his situation. 	3
before instagram, sunglasses were the original filter. 	3
alien worlds in sci-fi movies can have weird colors, bizarre plant life, extreme weather conditions, or even strange noises. but nobody ever lands on a planet that just stinks like rotten eggs. 	4
joe biden doesn't like facebook - that could be a big problem for mark zuckerberg https://t.co/pmmvwcihxu	0
we love hearing the lowest frequencies that we can hear, but we hate hearing the highest ones. 	3
when we die, atoms scatter and form into different things, so there's a chance you have the same atoms that elvis had 	4
breaking: iran’s supreme leader says the united states must lift all sanctions if it wants tehran to return to nuclear deal. https://t.co/0kblk54vph	0
the fact that we can manipulate various types of radiation to instantly communicate with people thousands of miles away is pretty freaking cool 	3
what happens to regular sky scrapers when we figure out ways to make buildings twice as high. 	4
coming up with a unique thought is surprisingly difficult to do. 	3
if the ability to revive dead people ever happens then cremated people are gonna be quite pissed 	4
someone out there, there is a homeless man named rich 	3
the hunt for the billions stolen by nigeria's ex-leader sani abacha https://t.co/5usig7ekdg	0
we as a society have evolved to dislike our natural scent. 	3
when someone wears clothing that has a logo on it, they become a walking advertisment 	3
breaking: republicans in the u.s. house have voted to retain liz cheney as their no. 3 leader, rebuffing a push by pro-trump conservatives to oust her. cheney was one of just 10 house republicans who voted last month to impeach trump. https://t.co/o7w0nsekbe	0
an omelette with bacon and cheese take three different animals to create. 	3
your lips join when you say “separate” but stay apart when you say “together” 	3
“shoot the shit” and “crapshoot” have two entirely different meanings. 	3
whilst receiving an invitation to a wedding provides a feeling of validation in terms of social acceptance, it simultaneously evokes pure panic as one ponders how best to extricate oneself from a hideous and unwanted social interaction. 	3
sometime in the future people will pay their air bill every month, and no one will think it's strange. actually this can happen on mars... i believe/hope earth is moving towards clean energy so this wouldn't happen here.	4
capitol police officer brian sicknick, who died at the hands of the mob that besieged the u.s. capitol on jan. 6, will lie in honor next week in the building's rotunda. sicknick was hit in the head with a fire extinguisher during the riot. https://t.co/gis7nuevoe	0
lots of electric cars and digital cameras 'imitate' the sounds of their ancestors because humans cannot handle the sound of silence. 	4
in pokémon, ash feels a burden to be better and compete with others from pallet, even though he faces more challenges and dilemmas than any of the other 3. 	5
the majority of humans have died as orphans. 	8
we freak out about other companies scamming us, but have done nothing to stop printer companies from selling printers designed to break and ink cartridges worth less then a dollar for $60 or more. 	3
university of alabama football fans flood the streets to celebrate their team's win, ignoring social-distancing guidelines   https://t.co/4e39zdnwab https://t.co/5y5cg2qrsd	0
einstein marrying his cousin was a full commitment to the theory of relativity. 	8
the democrats’ $1.9 trillion pandemic relief package is advancing in congress over republican complaints about the price tag. here's a look at highlights of the bill. https://t.co/z9gkni2pyx	0
you can't listen to the speed of your own heartbeat without changing it. 	4
nobody wants summer to end but we all want it to slow down. 	3
the star trek transporter kills the original traveller, whilst a copy of the person gets assembled at the destination. 	4
someone who randomly did a good deed to you could be from the future seeing how bad of a day you had and stopping you from catastrophe. 	4
it is possible it have a 10 generation family 	3
santa claus runs a business that only delivers once a year, and people still put in orders. 	4
"buying a driverless cars without ads will be an ""upgrade"" subscription service "	3
one day, concrete and noisy drilling will be considered a low-tech and ancient building approach. 	4
burnout was an excellent game for giving kids the thrill of speed while also reminding them of the consequences 	7
video proof is going to become obselete pretty damn soon with the rise and mainstreaming of deep fake technology 	3
using the naruto run to run faster than bullets might not help if you're running towards ther bullets. 	4
any unasked for advice is actually considered criticism 	5
with the incredibly vast size of the universe, it’s crazy that we are small enough to even observe atoms. 	3
20 years ago your phone used to interrupt your internet, now your phone is your internet access 	5
plants reproduce, sense and respond to changes, fight, eat, drink, grow, and yet vegans still murder them in mass numbers. 	6
many fortune cookie fortunes may have come true, you wouldn’t know because no one remembers their fortunes after a few seconds anyway 	3
statistically speaking, queen elizabeth, danny devito, and betty white will all be dead 10 years from now. 	8
sometimes, the only reason people buy new clothes is to have higher chances of taking them off. 	5
if adults in the 50s wanted kids to stop listening to rock music, all they really had to do was start listening to rock music. 	7
when a coin lands on heads it actually lands on tails and vise-versa 	7
if those tv exorcisms aren’t using actors, then they must be taking advantage of people with mental instabilities, so they’re bad either way. 	6
so much garbage has been thrown into the sea that, statistically, there is likely a yellow dish sponge inside of a pineapple at the bottom of the sea. somewhere.	4
gyms are a battleground between motivated people and earth‘s gravitational field. 	4
when actors and actresses were little kids playing pretend as a chef or an astronaut or some other grown up-job, they were actually always practicing their real future job of playing pretend. 	5
oscar the grouch has been homeless and living in a trash can which he adapted to enjoy thanks to mental illnesses. 	8
everything is made up of atoms and chemical reactions, meaning cartoon characters are technically just as real as we are. 	4
whatsapp to go ahead with changes despite backlash https://t.co/g38ozjryoj	0
cash is a universal birthday gift that everyone loves to get. 	1
hong kong pro-democracy media tycoon jimmy lai denied bail while awaiting trial under new national security law https://t.co/zytfcwmpp0	0
us humans are most likely the only living beings that know what's our bodies such as organs and our bodily systems. 	3
people get all upset about declawing cats, yet they have no problem cutting off their balls. wonder which the cat would prefer. 	7
flat earth society is a joke and they are all laughing at us because we don't get it and take them seriously. 	6
there's probably a fearless legend out there that has made a your mom joke to his own kid. 	3
"in case you're forgetting, ""w"" and ""double u"" have the same pronunciation. "	3
best if used by is probably the most profitable marketing campaign ever 	6
iran's announcement that it will begin enriching uranium to 60% marks a significant escalation after an attack on its natanz nuclear facility. israel, which has vowed never to allow tehran to obtain a nuclear weapon, is suspected in the attack. https://t.co/uxawgeszec	0
when something fills us with wonder we say it's wonderful. when something fills us with delight we say it's delightful. but when something fills us with awe we don't say it's awful. 	7
blue is the least common color in nature but the second most common eye color 	5
at one point everyone had the record of being the youngest person ever. 	3
cuteness of some animals is an evolutionary adaptation to not get eaten by humans. 	3
no one sees someone with any sort of rainbow pattern anymore and thinks that person must really like rainbows. 	5
"ants in your pants is pretty bad, but if you're someone who pronounces it the same, ""aunts in your pants"" is more traumatizing. tell an adult you trust. "	6
our main source of entertainment is looking at lights change color 	7
people are judged more if they drink soda than they are if they drink alcohol 	5
thanks to concrete, there technically is a job now where you litterally sell sand in sahara! 	6
if everyone on earth with stds (chlamydia, gonorrhoea) were to be wiped out, and any remaining bodily fluids destroyed, the world would remain std-free until new ones evolve and spread. 	3
the internet probably holds all the resources needed to make anyone a millionaire but most of us are too lazy. 	3
it could be that we can go through mirrors, but our reflection is blocking us. 	4
you could evade taxes simply by becoming a cat. 	4
buying nudes on the internet is like paying for winrar 	4
india man arrested for beheading his teenaged daughter https://t.co/rzdy0nociz	0
your mother and father once put you down and then never picked you up again. 	3
every time we get a splinter or a paper cut, it’s like the trees got one more chance to exact revenge. 	4
when someone says they’re eating vegetables we don’t find it odd but when someone says they’re eating meat we ask for more clarification 	3
the us senate is voting on whether to convict donald trump on one charge of impeachment  follow live: https://t.co/s2opat2pho https://t.co/ejovnua0ye	0
someone somewhere is waking up the exact second you fall asleep. 	3
technically everything we do is life changing 	4
if we're in a simulation, then there's a possibility that in the future we'll learn to communicate with our creators. 	4
environmentalists aren't trying to save the environment, they're trying to save the human race 	1
dogs like belly rubs because we're rubbing their nipples 	2
if food replicators like the kind in star trek were invented irl, food manufacturers and restaurant chains would lobby against them. 	7
there is 2 nights in a day you know, morning night and evening night	1
chances are you've been unknowingly used as an excuse to get someone out of an event or meeting that they didn't want to go to. 	2
maybe it's no coincidence that tentacle porn became more prevalent after hiroshima and nagasaki were nuked. radiation can do things.	2
the zombie apocalypse will probably be a black tie/formal event considering how the dead are dressed when they are buried 	4
we dread cold toilet seats at home but we dread warm toilet seats in public. 	5
the inside of the great british baking show tent has got to be one of the top five smells ever to exist on earth 	1
"the jetsons lived easy lives in sky houses; probably above a whole underclass who barely scraped a living on the surface down below. "	6
what did moths do before the light bulb was invented 	1
chex mix can never have enough rye chips. 	2
if you see a kid wearing a bicycle helmet you assume they're an amateur, if you see an adult wearing a bicycle helmet you assume they're a professional 	5
people often get dressed up nice and perfumed, to attract someone to get naked and sweaty with. 	3
working to live and living to work are two completely different things, a lot of us seem to forget. 	6
if the universe isn't infinite then there's something entirely different after it's end 	3
mario has done almost everything in games besides plumbing 	7
if you can't be respectful and tolerant with people with whom you disagree with politically then you won't enjoy international travel because you will encounter cultures that have very different views than your own. 	1
the country that claims that guns are not an issue is the same country that wants to regulate weapons on other countries. 	5
stolen ambulance in texas sends police on two-hour chase https://t.co/yos4gx8agh	0
we live in a highly sexualized society while at the same time anything having to do with sex is considered taboo. 	5
you’ve been poisoned several times in alternative universes by every substance. 	4
there’s probably a large group of people who think that they’ve been ghosted, but in reality, the other person died unexpectedly. 	8
grumpy cat lived his entire life not knowing he was famous. 	1
we think of a color appearing the same way to everyone, but in reality we all perceive every color a bit differently, and only know the sky to be blue because it's generally agreed upon. 	4
you can tell how bad someone's internet is by their high score in the google chrome dinosaur game 	2
trader gets painted stones instead of $36m of copper https://t.co/xnxgggemyd	0
once an hour today it will be 9:19 on 9/19/19 somewhere in the world. 	0
just relaized that rhinoceroses are nothing but warrior unicorns... 	4
heart is a beating meat that helps you in beating meat. 	3
some people are so white, that they have blue undertones, and some people are so black that they also have blue undertones 	3
"it's a fortunate coincidence that our numbers ""0123456789"" are simple enough to be represented on a seven segment display. "	3
public restrooms have a great potential for advertising. 	0
if you ever skydived, you’ve experienced one takeoff more than you’ve experienced landings, and there’s no way you’re ever gonna change that... 	3
there are so many people in the world with so many dumb ideas that whenever you want to say no one has done a thing, you have to put “probably” in front of the statement 	7
going to a website that is down for maintenance is the same as going to a closed store you thought was open 	3
someone needs to invent silent fireworks that light up the sky and shoot out sparks in cool patterns without making a loud bang that scares every dog in the neighborhood. 	2
despite concerns over the shots, the ap finds china has pledged roughly half a billion doses of its vaccines to around four dozen countries. https://t.co/xlimjs2joj	0
if humans are charged with assault the punishment isn't usually extreme. if dogs are charged with assault they get the death penalty. 	8
we try so hard to make ourselves look nice from the front, but it’s very possible more people will end up looking at you from behind. 	4
after a 14-day quarantine, a who team emerged from their hotel in wuhan to start searching for clues into the origins of the pandemic. it's unknown how much access china will give the team to sites they want to visit and people they want to talk to. https://t.co/diaddgwbgt	0
birth, death, marriage: when the pandemic finally resolves, will our new ways of marking milestones have any lasting impact? https://t.co/kgq3paekla	0
all the unexplainable structures in the world could be easter eggs from other worlds. 	4
crowds torch tripoli government building amidst lockdown unrest https://t.co/boyeeqpvrc	0
"authorities say two police officers on the scene when a white officer shot a black man in wisconsin have returned to duty. police said a review found that actions taken by the two officers in the jacob blake case were ""reasonable and justified.” https://t.co/cih0sdfho1"	0
security at airports is so tight no fly can move without getting caught. but when it comes to people's bag then take whatever bag you want to take. 	5
at some point we all went from being one of the kids asking for a turn to play, to being the one in charge of everyone getting a turn. 	3
being homosexual is evolution/nature indirectly controlling the size of the population 	6
we are pretty screwed if the ancient egyptians were right about being buried with possessions 	4
the fact that some people hate the taste of water just shows how flawed our natural instincts can be 	2
the average time people spend pooping in a life time probably dramatically increased after smart phones became more accessible 	6
"music man actress welcomes scott rudin's ""step back"" announcement https://t.co/mnz48h9s7z"	0
in the future, old town road is probably going to be played a lot on the radio what i mean is like today we have radio stations that are exclusively music from the 80s or whatever but in the future there’ll be one over the 10s and old town road will be played all the time	0
if we are in a simulation then if you think about it the developers have made our solar system the perfect tutorial. a habitable planet springing with life and mars a planet to learn the fundamentals of terraforming starting new civilisations which will prepare you for your next system. 	3
popcorn is the default snack for cinemas because it is quiet when you chew it. 	3
you can tell if someone is well off just by going to their house and feeling their toilet paper. 	4
we're still evolving, and were evolving into a race where successful lying is rewarded 	6
the person who figured out that scorpions glow under uv light doesn’t get enough credit for the discovery 	1
virus update:  • who team: coronavirus unlikely to have leaked from chinese lab. • @ap gets inside look at vaccinations at miami’s largest hospital system. • iran starts limited covid vaccinations with russian shots.  follow all @ap coverage: https://t.co/cc6qscudvh	0
some people have never made cookies in their lives, and never will. 	1
a part of showerthoughts ignore a lot of facts that show it's not true. 	4
family is the most irrational reason to help somebody yet the most moral. 	5
there are finger guns and swords, but there aren’t finger bows or axes 	3
covid and school: 'a little party never killed nobody' https://t.co/bubbsnivvw	0
every day there are people here talking about the water cycle and how the water we drink was once dinosaur pee, but nobody ever talks about how our bodies are 60% water, therefore it's likely that we're all part dinosaur. 	4
if you die twice in your lifetime, you’re considered very lucky. 	5
india activist disha ravi granted bail by court https://t.co/6vhuiwoxdn	0
russia is the least asian of all asian countries 	0
puppies don't rest, they just give up until morning. 	6
people always say “never stand in the middle of the road”, but out of anywhere on the road, the middle is the safest spot 	5
criminals are helping the country by creating new jobs 	6
one thing that's nice about living in the golden age of streaming is that when you meet someone who likes a show that you like you can reasonably expect that they've also seen every episode. 	1
if life is a simulation there’s probably stats on everything you’ve ever done 	4
a 4k screen can't show all of the colors that 24-bit color can produce at the same time. a 4k tv has  8,847,360 pixels and there are 16,777,216  possible colors in 24-bit color.	0
there's no way clark kent could have afforded those cool superman costumes on a reporter's salary. 	7
muslims are celebrating ramadan in the second year the festival has been affected by the pandemic   here's how it looks around the world  https://t.co/euwvkcwz5e	0
to buy apple, everyone on earth would have to give $129 each net worth of apple inc= one trillion population of earth (at time of posting roughly)=7,726,561,000	0
it’s funny how a drawer can be too small when you are filling it, but then too big when you are rummaging through it. 	3
the greatest betrayal is enjoying an animated movie and then when the credits roll, seeing that a main character was voiced by an actor that you dislike. 	7
civilization is so advanced that taking an hour bus ride is considered annoying. 200 years ago people rode for days to get to places. 	6
someone has the world record of the most green lights in a row... and they don't even know it. 	3
the main problem with cloning dead or famous people is that they would never have the same life experience at all in any way 	6
most people do their best proofreading after hitting send. 	5
you've been looking at the inside of your eyelids longer than anything else 	3
people would have an easier time accepting reboots if they didn't remake the old characters but rather come up with new ones and yes, this is a jojo part 7 reference. 	6
snow cones feel like eating ice & shave ice feels like eating snow. 	3
hearing someone sing a song in a different language is beautiful, native listeners might say otherwise. 	5
we test on animals because they are like us and we test on animals because they are not like us 	5
if the amish don’t refer to the rest of us as ‘muggles’ ... that is a huge missed opportunity. 	4
every circumcised person’s foreskin is out there, somewhere. 	6
we can remember lies we made up better than we remember the truth or what actually happened 	5
energy drinks such as monster or rockstar are like the hard drugs of soda 	4
there is only one nation that has ever gotten bored of going to the moon 	7
italy 'blocks' astrazeneca vaccine shipment to australia https://t.co/m7ed9cgu6z	0
scotty didn't know because he didn't listen to local music 	1
in post apocalyptic movies no one ever rides a bike. 	6
"there is no possible way of experiencing how a blind person from birth ""sees"". they have never seen colour and cannot describe what they can imagine/dream "	0
pets probably wonder what we do in the restroom when the door is closed 	4
if everyone gets a self-driving car, traffic courts would go out of business. 	6
if someone drives a electric car,do they step on the gas or step on the electric 	3
when you start sharing all your time with someone you start to value your own time a heck of a lot more. probably why so many marriages fail 	2
even though the paper likely doesn’t come from rainforest trees, publishing companies will probably use this fire as an excuse to raise textbook prices, claiming there’s a paper shortage. 	6
if they caught the monster they are hunting on various tv shows. you would hear about it on news, and social media . at least one week before the show aired. so keep watching. but they don't catch the monster this episode 	6
"the inventors of the ""walkie talkie"" pulled a boaty mcboatface like 100 years ago and nobody even noticed "	3
🙃  https://t.co/wsib3bgv3c	0
the fingerless glove is the fedora of the hand excluding bikers, cyclists, weightlifters, and hobos	2
kids born from 2019 onwards will probably never know the sound of static. 	1
if you don't use it you lose it does not apply to your v-card. 	6
the charmin bears are probably obsessed with that particular toilet paper because they've been forced to use exclusively 1-ply until then. 	7
all bottled water tastes like water, but all bottled water tastes completely different. 	1
state media reports that jordan’s health minister has stepped down after at least six patients in a covid-19 ward at a hospital near the capital amman died due to a shortage of oxygen supplies. https://t.co/qbpuuf3azb	0
amid brazil's sluggish covid-19 vaccine rollout, some authorities are defending efforts to allow those who can pay to jump the line. https://t.co/2hrxkya1nb	0
eventually, someone’s going to give a fake number to someone else, that is the other persons number 	7
in theory, anyone that posts here were naked while having these thoughts. 	2
biden unveils $1.9tn us economic relief package https://t.co/vm5gx8ku3v	0
your mental flexibility depends on your ability to discard your own opinions 	3
no one would know who the smartest criminal of all time is, as they have never been caught. 	5
"being a teenager is like having the early access version of a game; you can't access all the features but you still have to do everything "	7
the guy who has the largest dick in the world probably doesn’t know that he does. 	1
as vaccinations continue across the u.s., some companies are offering financial incentives to encourage their workers to get the shots. dollar general is one of the first major companies to announce extra pay for workers who get vaccinated. https://t.co/8ac6hzagux	0
“our good, fresh, cool air is getting less all the time, it seems like.” farmers lament losing the reliably cool conditions that helped make michigan the top producer of potatoes used to make chips. https://t.co/miry9gnsta	0
the piracy warnings at the start of vhs tapes didn't work 	6
everything is difficult to build and easier to destroy but memories are exact opposite. 	1
bob ross could've been an international drug smuggler, painting pictures of the locations of his drug drops to assist his global network of customers in locating them. 	4
kenneth kelly, a trailblazing black electronics engineer in california, has died. he was 92. kelly designed antennas that contributed to the race to the moon, made satellite tv and radio possible and helped mars rovers send data back to earth. https://t.co/sttz9csx1d	0
on those 10 hour videos you could post literal porn and noone would notice 	2
collision between train and truck causes massive explosion in texas https://t.co/ddn4xzzphs	0
you hate waking up on weekdays but you love waking up on weekends 	6
you can never take a good dump cus it's always shity more like a toilet thought	5
asia today: india has registered its worst single-day increase in coronavirus cases since late december as the western state of maharashtra battles a resurgence. elsewhere, south korea is extending social distancing and japan is limiting visitors. https://t.co/gyrlcaukbf	0
3rd place in the world cup celebrate their 3rd place match victory but 2nd place ends with a less celebratory loss. 	6
"tea is somehow the socially acceptable way to say, ""let's talk shit about people for no reason"" "	7
r/lifeprotips is the next generation of home economics classes 	1
nothing irritates you more than only one side of your earphones working. 	2
one never realizes how old they feel until they stop getting asked to see an id at bars. 	2
the simplest path to making positive change in this world is to try to find common ground and compromise, yet the people who are most outspoken about wanting change are the ones who are the least willing to do either of those things. 	5
indian comedian munawar faruqui granted bail after spending 35 days in jail for a joke he didn't make https://t.co/5jqgsuja6x	0
the tone of someone saying “hey you!” gets softer the closer the relationship you have with the person saying it. 	5
"hearing ""no strings attached"" is usually a good thing, unless you're halfway across a suspension bridge. "	6
happy birthday song is one of the most laziest and lousiest songs ever. 	3
"u.s. defense secretary lloyd austin, on his first visit to afghanistan as pentagon chief, said the biden administration wants to see ""a responsible end, a negotiated settlement"" to america's longest war. but he said violence must decrease. https://t.co/axo1bk9utp"	0
breaking: president biden threatens sanctions on myanmar after coup, says u.s. will defend democracy around the world. https://t.co/mbfmljje6u	0
at one point in your life, you were or you will be the happiest in your life. you will never reach that level of happiness again. 	8
wallpapers in cellphones are not walls nor papers 	3
in movies it is sadder to see another animal die than our own species. 	6
masturbating to porn is you pretending to not be single.. 	2
the egyptians that worked on the pyramids must have done a pretty damn good job if we think it was aliens who built them 	7
"on a long forgotten computer somewhere are your beloved ""sims"" save data "	2
before mouth wash was invented water was the universal mouth wash 	1
we all went from using the same $80 phone to using multiple different $800 phones. 	6
the sun might have just exploded but we won’t know for the next seven minutes and forty-five seconds. 	8
if you’re an only child living with both parents, you’re third wheeling all the time 	7
the pandemic swept away tens of millions of jobs in the u.s., and many aren’t expected to come back. especially hard hit are occupations that require face-to-face contact with consumers.  more on the pandemic's first year: https://t.co/5awiyqmxea https://t.co/izp9mqiwuw	0
christians around the world celebrate a second easter sunday under pandemic precautions. with crowds banned in italy, pope francis delivered an easter address from inside st. peter’s basilica. https://t.co/wpmxhmuirb	0
florida is the tutorial version of australia 	7
kicking things probably became a lot more popular with the invention of shoes. 	8
at first glance to a non-carbon based life form, trees must be really gross. just raw life exploding out of the ground in all directions spanning miles and miles. 	6
if you finish watching a show on a streaming service and start again right away, you're hulu-hooping. 	3
there are people who are born in cities who will never leave those cities and thus never experience the real world, only the man made one. 	7
laughter is universal. but laughing a bit too long is universally creepy. 	5
if it weren't for the vacuum of space, you would hear the fusion of the atoms in the sun, all day, every day, at ear-shattering decibels 	0
how we can procrastinate and still manage to get everything finished is probably why we procrastinate. 	5
even if one day everyone on earth is a mixed-race, people will still find a reason to hate each other. 	6
there's probably somebody out there who thinks hollywood, fl is where all the movies come from. 	7
"true ""empty space"" cannot exist, as it couldn't contain itself. "	1
out of the 7.5 billion people on the planet, someone is the nicest, meanest, prettiest, ugliest, richest, poorest, smartest, or dumbest person in the world 	0
anakin skywalker was meant to bring balance to the force, yet everybody assumed to do that he had to destroy one side of it. 	8
“lore of the rings” would have made a great alternative title for the silmarillion 	1
breathing in cold crisp air is so much better than hot humid air 	1
nowadays, we try to be tolerant to everyone except people who we consider intolerant. 	5
adding a little water to dry hands can help improve grip, but adding too much makes things slippery. 	5
an explosive performance is a good thing, but a bombed performance is a bad thing. 	5
a girl in a bikini at the beach is no big deal but a girl in underwear is seen as risqué 	6
kanye, in 2009: “welcome to the good life, where we like the girls who ain’t on tv cuz they got more a$$ than the models”... kanye, in 2012: marries kim kardashian, reality tv star known for her a$$. 	5
when we age we don't remember as much dreams as we used to as kids. 	1
history classes are only going to get longer as time goes on 	7
if half life 3 was announced it would probably be one of the most hyped games in the world. 	6
few things are more ironic than a firetruck exploding 	5
anyone from the past who you think was sexy, was probably a little smelly 	6
if someone shoots you in a dream you have just shot yourself 	4
beatboxing is a human imitating a machine imitating musical instruments played by humans 	5
merkel's party slumps to defeat in regional polls https://t.co/kcfpyicpd8	0
you are naturally good at something you'll probably never get to try. 	1
technically all mothers are body builders 	3
we’re all half centaur and that’s pretty cool. 	4
your never further than 6 months from your birthday. you're* ... i'm ashamed	3
people probably thought chili peppers were poisonous for a while since eating them when you’re not used to it can cause pain, burning, bowl issues, hiccups, burping, sweating and shaking 	2
you could never be a perfect environmental activist unless your mode of transportation was animal or bike. 	6
"it will be weird in 100 years when comments say ""100 years ago"" "	2
zombies with enchanted leather armor probably explain how they died. 	4
all ufo sightings are technically real. because what they see is a flying object that has yet to be identified. 	1
legendary singer tony bennett is battling alzheimer’s disease, his wife and son tell aarp the magazine. the magazine says the 94-year-old singer endures “increasingly rarer moments of clarity and awareness” but continues to sing. https://t.co/fhteodmoak	0
travel alone and you’re brave and empowered, eat dinner alone and you’re sad and friendless. 	5
you are related to every human being in the world, however distant. 	0
your clipped nails are still out there somewhere... 	0
the fact that fingering is a thing proves that size doesn’t matter 	2
the brightest star in the sky isn’t sirius, rigel, betelgeuse, or polaris, it’s the sun. 	0
airbnb predicts 'significant' travel rebound https://t.co/eksf7knqdh	0
the terminator actually made a sex scene that was integral to its plot. more important than you think... 🤔	3
someone who accidentally gets ice in their windpipe is choking and drowning at the same time 	3
google's parent company alphabet scraps giant internet balloons idea  https://t.co/njbjwerwjq	0
a lot of goodwill's customers' items probably end up donated back to goodwill meaning they basically just rent stuff from goodwill. 	6
you think your life is interesting because you forgot the moments when nothing happened and you remembered the moments when something interesting happened 	5
glasses are 4k filters for people with 144p vision 	4
in the zombie apocalypse, safe sex would probably involve a shotgun too 	6
today (sept. 17) is 44 days away from halloween and 99 days away from christmas. 	0
if the universe had a beginning and will most certainly have an end, it stands to reason it might begin again. maybe the feeling deja vu gives you comes from actually having done that thing before.. the same thing in the same way just an older universe. 	3
since movies didn’t come out until about 100 or so years ago, it’s entirely possible that an art form that we can’t even imagine now will come along and have a similar impact. 	4
a boss is a person that is early when you’re late, and is late when you’re early 	5
we're using the remains of a previous mass extinction to create a new mass extinction... 	6
contrary to popular belief not everyone wants to rule the world. 	3
it's quite sad when you realize how the world just goes on without you. 	8
people are happy when they get a 98 on a test, but pissed when they get a 99 on a test. 	5
giving up alcohol: 'i feel like i’ve been reborn’ https://t.co/8ofuak4lik	0
if you post stuff while sitting on the pot then you are shit posting 	3
chance for peace exists in syria, 10 years after fighting began, un envoy geir pedersen says https://t.co/cgucu8vun3	0
many people may have been shot at before and not even know it. 	1
every time you have a argument with your boyfriend/girlfriend they might be thinking about breaking up with you 	8
if it weren’t for recordings we would never know what we sound like to other people. 	3
you can only measure time by how much time you have experienced which is why as you get older the years pass by quicker, not because of how busy you are. 	0
'marvelous' marvin hagler: american boxing legend dies aged 66 https://t.co/pfpq3hsfmy	0
everybody around the world speaks a different language but everyone also understands when someone’s laughing 	2
the gold atoms in the rings people wear were once forged in the heart of a dying star. 	2
"dumb on its own is an adjective. if you repeat it once, it becomes ""dumb-dumb"", which is used as a noun "	3
language was meant for universal communication but humans just kept creating so many it ended up being a communication restraint 	5
nothing will ever be as upsetting as the fact that humans hate each other for imaginary reasons. 	8
if all 7 billion people in the world disappeared tomorrow, most non-domesticated animals and sea creatures wouldn't realize it for a while. 	0
people hate mondays mostly because of tuesdays, wednesdays, thursdays and fridays 	5
tables would look a lot different if our knees bent the other way 	4
somewhere in the world, a solid gold dildo exists, creating yet another way to get fucked by the 1%. 	6
if you’re a man listening to music whilst you urinating, you are literally rocking out with your cock out 	3
if your focusing on not focusing on something, then you are focusing on it 	5
it's a miracle star lord can still hear properly in guardians of the galaxy, what with the constant loud music he is playing in his ship. 	7
the movie 2012 described how the world would end. they travel to the tallest place in the world (mt. everest) without oxygen for an extended amount of time to get away from the massive flood wave. they then realize that the only safe place in the world is africa which averages 2k feet elevation. 	3
you never hear anybody say they need to balance their checkbook anymore. 	0
the real reason superman has a job is because he’s got bills to pay, and nobody pays him for being a superhero. 	6
your car keys have travelled more distance than your car 	5
life expectancy in the united states dropped a staggering one year during the first half of 2020, according to preliminary estimates. https://t.co/8webwurw6a	0
"when you're single, only you can make yourself unhappy; when you're in a relationship, someone else can make you unhappy. "	3
when we compliment somebody's tattoo, we are really complimenting the artist. 	2
while climbing mount everest (or other high death rate mountains) you could kill someone and very easily get away with it. 	8
in super mario, goombas have fangs, but they have never bitten anyone with them 	4
you’re only in the friend zone if you want to get out of it 	5
super mario bros would look horrifying if they changed art styles to realistic instead of cartoony 	4
a lot of young parents are learning how to spell the word 'kindergarten' this month 	6
"when you forget a showerthought, it ""goes down the brain"". "	7
wii fit said we were always overweight because if it told a person they were in shape, nobody would play the game 	6
casino dealers are probably the closest thing we have to real-life npcs 	4
if you want to be remembered, either have a spectacular life or a spectacular death 	8
these colourful fridges are popping up on streets across america offering free food to people who need it  https://t.co/mfy0traqps https://t.co/nx06vfkdok	0
nearly 70% of health facilities in tigray, ethiopia have been vandalised and equipment looted, charity says  https://t.co/k6600swdqt	0
the tupperware cabinet is the real life and adult version of jenga 	4
in a couple hundred years. pepe will most likely be in our history books 	0
a top health official’s suggestion to reimpose shutdowns as covid-19 cases spike in some states is falling flat, even among democratic governors who took tough measures during earlier virus surges. by @davidalieb. https://t.co/daqq0zbmza	0
if you watch 'the human centipede'in reverse, it becomes a heart-warming tale of a pioneering surgeon fighting to separate spectacularly deformed siamese siblings. 	4
you may already own the clothes you’re going to die in and be buried in but may never know it. you may be wearing them now and may or may not die in them this time. it’s like clothing russian roulette. 	8
we use our breath to both start and extinguish fires 	5
it’s funny how for concerts you want to be front row, or as close as you can but at the movies you want to sit as far back as you can! 	5
blowing on ice cream actually works as it heats up the ice cream making it softer and easier for consumption 	0
in traditional chinese medicine, eating a tiger's penis is said to increase male virility. however it was just one way to control the population of those stupid enough to hunt dangerous animals 	6
having to tell someone you're a cop if they specifically ask you is the biggest myth ever pulled of by law enforcement. and it worked. people are gullible.	7
if birds ended up becoming a society rather than humans the gender divide would most likely effect the males negatively. 	4
we are all addicted to drugs. humans are forever chasing that endorphin high they first got as a baby. everything we do is to reward ourselves with that high.	7
the judge overseeing the trial of a former minneapolis police officer in the death of george floyd said that he’ll allow the jury to hear some evidence about a prior arrest in which floyd was found with drugs. https://t.co/xkjfkobkox	0
you know you hate your job when you're looking forward to a dentist appointment just to miss a couple of hours of work. 	6
an impressive fart sometimes steals your thunder. 	2
the first step towards growing up is realizing that parents can't fix all your mistakes 	2
most poeple don't realize their talent because they are so used to using it 	1
it’s insane to think about they named an entire continent after toto’s song 	6
the dalai lama, the 85-year-old tibetan spiritual leader, has been administered the first shot of the coronavirus vaccine at a hospital in the north indian hill town of dharmsala. https://t.co/o4qe7xvzdt	0
chinese investment in australia plummets 61% https://t.co/kaoakk5ery	0
the most unrealistic thing about harry potter is how skinny/fit most witches and wizards are considering how unnecessary physical activity is when you can do magic. 	6
someone could have been stalking you for multiple years without you ever knowing. 	8
some really good ideas comes to your mind on the way to school but when you reach destination you forget that, but when you have some devils ideas it lasts up the whole teenage life. 	5
cleaning up clifford's waste must be a nightmare for his owners. 	2
gamestop will have to start selling retro games again because when games inevitably all switch to digital downloads they won’t have any new inventory. 	1
almost all pixar films are about becoming obsolete. which is ironic considering that cgi has replaced hand drawn animation. 	5
dogs haven't even seen most other dogs they're in a turf war with. 	5
ap exclusive: the border patrol says 13 people killed in a california crash were among 44 people who entered the u.s. through a hole cut into the border fence with mexico. https://t.co/lbqls92bsp	0
"the phrase ""life after death"" makes no sense as that ruins the entire purpose of the word death. "	8
in 1969 we could send people to the moon with 4kb of ram. now 4gb of ram can just about run chrome 	0
when you're standing exactly on north pole, the wind will always blow both from the south and towards the south. 	0
somewhere, there’s a stranger who knows your gamer tag, and fears it 	3
bald people don’t have a clear end to their foreheads. 	2
israeli hackers breach kkk-affiliated website https://t.co/sjql722lq1	0
lumberjacks are always portrayed having really long beards. but that would probably make their job more dangerous, since they could get it caught in machinery. 	5
for children, sexual content jokes were for adults, for adults, sexual content jokes are considered childish. 	5
trained dogs that live in countries where you can’t speak the native language know more of that language than you. 	6
photo gallery: highlights of some of the most compelling images made or published by @ap photographers in asia and pacific. https://t.co/3qtsrr5azg	0
not being able to scream is probably the most scariest thing in a nightmare 	4
lollipops are mostly just swallowing your own spit. 	3
breaking: chinese legislators endorse plan to tighten control over hong kong by reducing public's role in picking leaders. https://t.co/ew4vvhjjdi	0
this summer, 50 years ago, bryan adams visited a 5 & dime and purchased his first real 6 string then he proceeded to play it... until his fingers bled.	3
"you know how in games where when you go to bed, and you can't because ""there are monsters nearby""? if what that was a real thing? when your trying to go to bed, but you can't because something or someone is nearby. "	8
if matter cannot be created or destroyed, and space is infinitely expanding, all around us there is a region of space that is infinite that will never see matter. 	5
"if doors ever become obsolete, the reason behind ""knock knock"" jokes will become a fun fact. "	7
you most certainly can be a chick magnet. it just depends on what side of the magnet you are. 	7
one day, humanity will be forgotten forever. 	6
at one point in time the smartphone industry was dominated by two fruits: blackberry and apple 	1
"every object, thing and product in the world is free, you are not paying for the actual thing, only for the work people have put into it.   so a hunter makes a snare or a trap out of some wood and catches an animal, he sells it to a butcher and asks for money for his time spent catching and handling the animal. the animal and the makeshift trap did not cost him any money so the only expense for him was the time he spent. then the butcher cuts the animal into stakes and pieces of meat and sells the meat to a chef, adding his fee to the amount that he paid to the hunter. the chef takes the meat and prepares it and sells it to the customer again adding whatever his time is worth to the sum he had paid for the meat.   so no one actually pays for the thing, only for the cumulative amount of time every person that has contributed to the final product.  yes, there is rent, cost of tools, loans and interests, but all of them can be broken down to the first piece of metal found in the ground, or the first rock picked up. all of these things that need to be accounted for are just branches of cumulative actions that have contributed to a larger branch that comes together to form a tree that finally ends up as the product.     as every link in the chain is using multiple chains to complete his action, the value of time in a certain link can be found from the length and amount of said chains that connect to that link.  tl;dr cars are free, price is an illusion, only time has value."	6
when humanity inevitably colonizes mars, we will probably have an “earth history” course in high school. 	2
the charmin bear that picks up his own underwear in the commercial leads us to believe that he is naked as he is not wearing any underwear, this leads us to believe that he is either a furry or that charmin is promoting child animal porn. 	8
fall in love with your problems, maybe they’ll leave you too 	7
namibian court refuses to issue gay man travel documents so he can bring home his twin daughters from south africa where they were born by surrogate https://t.co/rji7t3jbb2	0
the post-nut clarity you feel after masturbating is the way the dalai lama feels all the time. 	7
"dwarves, gnomes, halflings, elves and orcs would probably all be in the ""homo"" genus. "	4
from one year to another it is going to be harder and harder to think of a new, unusual nickname. 	7
linux users are the vegans of the tech world. 	4
yikes... a quick and easy hack to garner support without the need to think of a counter point 	1
water is never new, it's just your turn to drink it 	4
in a world where superheroes existed, countless people must have died trying to become one. 	8
"kids saying ""rain rain go away"" is actually kids supporting the death of our ecosystem, because rain feeds plants, which need rain. animals need plants. meat eating animals rely on herbivores. we need meat, and vegans are real people. "	6
how to stay safe in freezing conditions https://t.co/kztrkpys6a	0
germany is the only country to lose both world wars get your act together	7
products advertise that they kill 99.9% of germs because killing 100% could end their product 	7
every time a spider is killed, it makes their gene pool sneakier and more deadly. 	7
in the harry potter universe they have potions to regrow bones and grow new organs like gills but harry still had to wear glasses due to his poor eyesight. 	4
a 1 hour long episode is always better then 2 30 minute episodes 	1
the world is a lot higher quality than we think because our eyes can see over a certaint quality 	1
twitter restores dozens of indian accounts linked to the farmers' protests against agricultural reform laws  https://t.co/vtytwmhklf	0
if tupac was still alive we would have found a reason to hate him by now 	6
out of all the sperm you beat in the race, one of them could actually have been useful to humanity 	8
"jordan royal family pictured together following ""royal rift"" https://t.co/fqk8uvwu0q"	0
"genealogy site myheritage offers ""creepy"" deepfake tool to reanimate dead https://t.co/gh5c2i5dqd"	0
every single hospice care center in the world must be haunted as fuck but they're all haunted by ghosts of the extremely elderly, so their spirits probably just sit around watching wheel of fortune instead of scaring people.	4
the huge casinos in vegas are a monument to all the money people have lost in there. 	6
peppa pig lives in a house, eats on a plate and talks. by this logic, humans and animals are role reversed so peppa eats humans 	8
in our childhood, there was one time when we packed our toys and then we never played again. 	8
assuming you're 18, it would take you approximately 165 days to pass your weight in stool, meaning you'd quite literally shit yourself in that time period. 	6
"people are probably more afraid of things like flying because only disastrous events make the news if we had a source that reported on commonly-feared activities that went just fine and included ""and they were okay"" at the end, maybe it'd help some people to alleviate those fears."	6
happy father’s day: who knew that having sex with your wife/gf could lead to effectively getting a bonus mini-birthday. 	7
everybody that works at chick-fil-a looks exactly like somebody who would work at chick-fil-a. 	7
real toy story toys don't work like they do in the movies. 	4
our solar system’s first known interstellar visitor is neither a comet nor asteroid as first suspected. a study says the mystery object is likely a chunk of a pluto-like world knocked out of its own star system and toward ours millions of years ago. https://t.co/z7s3q9nel4	0
happy father's day is a day for fathers who are feeling happy 	0
a quick measure of how alone you are is when you realize you literally haven’t said a word since leaving work friday and won’t until work monday. 	8
if you work in a sex shop, telling someone to go fuck themselves is actually quite a professional thing to say 	3
it's funny how some things that are usually black, become trashy when they are white. this is true for limousines, pianos and tuxedos. 	5
1/1/1999 is probably the most chosen birthday on +18 sites 	8
one day computers will be able to answer captchas and prove they are human 	8
no two farts in the universe are exactly the same 	4
all objects are weapons, but some of them aren’t too effective. 	7
if cigarettes made people gain weight, a lot more people will stop smoking 	6
officials say a tornado touched down in an alabama city north of birmingham, with significant damage reported. https://t.co/haw5bgcx47	0
younger-you has existed long before current-you, meaning younger-you is actually older than current- or even future-you 	4
"a psychic with a ""hours of operation"" sign can't be that good . they're supposed to already know when you are on your way to them . "	7
a mouse represents disneyworld, the greatest human mouse trap of all time. 	5
tostitos could make a lot of money just selling the lime seasoning they put on chips 	7
we’re the only species to think that cannibalising is wrong 	8
if you ate a gram of uranium (20billion calories) you would never have to eat for the rest of your life 	0
when young frankenstein (1974) was made, frankenstein (1931) was a more recently made movie than young frankenstein (1974) is in 2019. 	0
keanu reeves is the living proof that not all heroes wear capes. 	2
there are meat substitutes made out of plants that taste like real meat, but they can’t make medicine that tastes like it’s flavor. 	5
the fact that people still don’t realise or care that they are being manipulated by newspapers is astounding. 	7
if the universe really is a simulation, then quantum tunneling must be a glitch 	0
placebos probably don't work on pessimists 	6
headphones are quiet. it creates the illusion of being loud because of how close to your ears they are 	4
getting a pet is almost the same as getting yourself a ticking time bomb for sadness. 	6
since 2 people die every second, when you laugh someone dies. 	7
the great thing about revolving doors is that you don't have to hold the door for some asshole behind you. 	7
female fireflies must see the night sky as porn. 	3
the flash could easily win any battle, but every time he stops and says he's the flash 	5
people pay $400 an hour to rent high end sports cars in los angeles just to sit in traffic 	5
it's weird that sheldon, from the big bang theory, being so smart, self centered, egotistical and so focused on his own well being, eats a lot of junk food and crappy take-away that's really bad for his health. 	5
fluent in sarcasm is on every girls bio, but it's not on a single one of their resumes. 	7
even if it's in their last days, they're going to get an impeachment. that's a message to the future that is worth sending.  senator sheldon whitehouse tells #americast why democrats are pushing for impeachment  🎧 listen on @bbcsounds https://t.co/bw3gogejaj	0
for someone who’s never used an elevator before it probably seems like a teleporter 	4
growing up, all the commercials said just say no to drugs. now, all the commercials are for drugs. 	6
your opinion is always wrong to somebody 	7
everybody has probably shit themselves at some point, from the queen of england to the host of jeopardy. 	7
women biologically have all their eggs in the same basket 	3
president joe biden's first act to re-join the paris climate agreement sets the tone for an ambitious approach https://t.co/5kjyovrvd9	0
when you pour warm or boiling water, it has a softer sound, but when you pour cold water, it has a sharper sound. 	0
zero gravity allows for the creation of a pizza with toppings on both sides this fact objectively makes it almost twice as g-o-o-d as regular pizza. an entire new dimension on how to combine toppings is waiting to be discovered and who knows what unholy combinations may lurk out there. it's an entire industry waiting to happen. nasa should to get on this pronto.	4
there is literally nothing that everyone agrees on 	8
when midgets do drugs, instead of getting high they just get medium 	7
modern live action movies are mostly animation with human inserts. 	5
breaking: u.s. jobless claims rose to 861,000 last week, evidence that layoffs remain painfully high with the economy still under pressure from the coronavirus pandemic. https://t.co/eoq98vyson	0
bringing everyone back to life 5 years later in end game would have completely messed up the economy ruined families and just f*** everything up. 	7
before you met them, it is possible you had passed your partner in a street somewhere never knowing that they would end up with you. 	1
president-elect joe biden says he'll use the defense production act to 'maximize manufacture' of the coronavirus vaccine, fulfilling a campaign pledge. https://t.co/luay9otheo	0
your phone is ever so slightly heavier when it's charged than when it's not. 	0
not being invited to a wedding of a friend/acquaintance is both an ego deflating, yet financially beneficial situation. 	5
the reason you win arguments in your head is because you rig them 	7
dogs must kill a lot of toys in the toy story universe prob dogs toys too	8
once you complete reading a book, the movie based upon that book feels like a summery of the book. 	7
someone had sex for the first time during a minor earthquake and really impressed himself with the bed shaking. 	7
a megaphone makes sounds louder but a microphone doesn't make sounds smaller. 	4
demons would play the floor is water in hell. 	4
tens of thousands of civilians still missing after being detained arbitrarily during syria civil war, un investigators say   https://t.co/oif3jkyy1v	0
the people who play bully/jerk roles in movies are probably much nicer in real life otherwise they wouldn’t have gotten the spot. 	7
jeff bezos could spot everyone in the world $20 and still retire now as a billionaire 	1
cavemen were just as smart as we are now. just didn’t have silicon to turn their genius ideas into reality. 	7
daunte wright's family: 'he was loved, he was ours' https://t.co/gge8wjoinr	0
there is a real, non-zero chance that you have a neighbor whos dick is exactly pi inches long. (unless you live in the middle of nowhere, an apartment building filled with naught but lesbians, or are reading this from the future where you are the last human on earth.)	4
speed bumps are much more effective against drivers who appreciate their cars more than they appreciate their lives. 	4
michael b. jordan  wayne's world  🍋🍋🍋  here's a preview of this year's #superbowl ads, which will include more than 20 newcomers as well as some old favorites.  read more from @maetron and let her know what you think during the game.  https://t.co/5btnmxts7l	0
because not everybody is perfect with communication, that person you did a favor for probably appreciates it way more than you think 	1
carbonated drinks might be the most metal beverage ever. you take co2, something that kills you if you breath too much, and infuse it in liquid then drink it, hoping you don't inhale at the wrong time which could give you co2 asphyxiation and pneumonia 	4
thailand’s prime minister has received a shot of the covid-19 vaccine manufactured by astrazeneca, as much of asia shrugged off concerns about reports of blood clots in some recipients in europe, saying that so far there is no evidence to link the two. https://t.co/ne3jr8gfux	0
"a suspect is being sought after a man fired a handgun into a crowd outside a philadelphia bar, injuring seven people, four  critically, police said. the shooting friday evening followed an altercation at the golf &amp; social sports bar, news reports said. https://t.co/xzhhk9itup"	0
the human species seems like one of the most diverse, until you realize great danes and teacup poodles are the same species... 	4
lots of colored led lights do not make car washes more effective 	7
drawing a tree on a paper sheet is comparable to drawing a human on a human organ. maybe.	8
we're all time travelers. we travel at the speed of one second per second. 	1
"pfizer covid vaccine ""stopping 91% of cases in first six months,"" study suggests https://t.co/mnvqwygmi7"	0
the head of a major energy corporation said the recent blackouts that left 4 million texas customers without electricity and heat during a deadly winter freeze also unplugged plants that could have generated more power, which was urgently needed. https://t.co/dwjmxvnnfi	0
if you have an opinion, and you wanna share it and make people agree, you gotta make it 10 times stronger and bring it as if it's a fact. for example: when you are sad cause idk, say you're depressed and want to kill yourself when you don't like something, say it's shit and that everyone who does is shit too.	8
sometimes when people have suicidal thoughts, they end up having them for the rest of their lives. 	8
you can have your eggs in one basket if it’s a safe basket for eggs 	3
new york's comptroller is asking the state attorney general to investigate whether gov. andrew cuomo used state resources to write and promote his book on leadership amid the pandemic. using public resources on the project could violate state laws. https://t.co/o9msxxz5lp	0
when you’re ugly and loud, you’re obnoxious, when you’re pretty and loud, you’re the life of the party. 	7
they say crime doesn't pay, but the lawyers makes a fortune from it. 	6
a woman charged in colombia with helping smuggle weapons to would-be venezuelan coup plotters says she's being made a scapegoat for others, including opposition leader juan guaidó, who she says has distanced himself from the self-declared freedom fighters. https://t.co/w7y4w8hqwt	0
the number of active hate groups in the u.s. declined in 2020, according to the southern poverty law center. but the center says far-right extremists migrated further to social media and encrypted apps, where they are more difficult to track. https://t.co/26xtejatyb	0
global leaders greet dawn of joe biden's presidency with relief, optimism and trepidation https://t.co/ilxcgwbdln	0
fear of the dark by iron maiden, despite the title, gives you the vibe to listen to it in the dark. 	5
mario has never done his actual job in a mario game 	7
nobody ever talks about how many astronauts have lost their jobs to space exploring robots. 	1
school is a tutorial that you can’t skip. 	7
due to the highly immense human population, probably no single thought is original. 	4
us border: risking everything for an american dream https://t.co/mndgzxysmv	0
volunteer patrols on both coasts are pledging to ramp up efforts after the brutal beating of an asian american woman in new york city, which generated outrage partly because of the apparent indifference of bystanders. https://t.co/iyjchzigw9	0
your mom could have drunk while she was pregnant, causing you to have a birth defect that lowers your intelligence and you would never know you could have been the next einstein	6
wisconsin sen. ron johnson is being called racist after saying that while he wasn’t worried about the predominantly white participants of the deadly jan. 6 capitol riot, he might have been if they had been black lives matter or antifa protesters. https://t.co/u9dqdx6w6i	0
according to newton, every action has an equal and opposite reaction. so if you were punched in the face, your face would exert the same amount of force back as if it was hit. therefore, you can technically punch with your face. 	6
breaking: the wyoming republican party has voted overwhelmingly to censure u.s. rep. liz cheney for voting to impeach then-president trump for his role in the jan. 6 riot at the u.s. capitol. https://t.co/5roezysuui	0
maybe the reason the ocean is salty is because no one ever waves back. 	3
the most realistic part of spy fiction movies and novels are the fact that the polices are completely useless 	6
if a golfer plays their first few holes well and the last ones not so well, they're a choker, but if they play the first few holes poorly and do well in the end, they've got what it takes. 	5
if you touch two of your fingers together, you can't immediately tell which finger you're feeling, you just feel something. 	0
you don't ever have to count to a number to know what comes after it, but you do have to recite the alphabet to know what comes next. 	5
technically rhinos are going extinct because they're horny 	5
pennywise could've turned into a three headed bear and mauled the losers club when they were beating him up. 	4
some sort of life across the entire universe could be saving the universe without us ever knowing it. 	4
seven-year-old carpenter adoo has a medical condition that makes him particularly vulnerable to covid-19. his home state of tennessee is one of a handful that are moving the families of medically frail children up the vaccine priority list. https://t.co/bjpj7qcag7	0
showerthoughts occur more often in the car vs the shower 	5
“just throwing some shit out” must have been a much more literal sentence before flushing toilets were around 	7
john mulaney's special 'kid gorgeous' has probably saved someones life. 	1
summer vacation is unlimited weekend up to august / september. 	1
people are rarely being truthful when they say “one second”. 	7
we all exist at the same time and yet at different times at the same time all due to time zones. 	4
people say they slept like a baby to express they slept well, but people who have babies regularly complain about waking up all night because their baby didn’t sleep well. 	5
whatsapp to switch off messages for all who reject new terms  https://t.co/xucchsclsg	0
marvel/dc movies cannot match the imagination levels of the comic reading generation. 	1
human skin is waterproof, but not water-repellent 	0
when peter parker was bit he passed out and woke up the next day shredded. there's a decent chance he also spent that night drenched in his own urine from shedding water weight. 	4
diaries exist to trick kids into writing down their secrets. 	8
canadian politician seen naked in work zoom call  https://t.co/8klmftsu1l	0
if there is no diy videos, then you actually have to do it yourself 	3
school textbooks are used for ages after ages, but a college textbook goes useless after a semester. 	5
"the word ""sweat"" might have evolved from somebody describing their skin as ""so wet"" but said very quickly "	4
if you are what you eat vegans would cry tears of soy. 	7
spongebob scarred millennials into being afraid to get driver's licenses. 	3
when you get rid of parasites and food borne illnesses by cooking the food, you’re still eating the parasites and food borne illnesses, they’re just dead. 	5
the materials tag on clothing are like menus for moths and carpet beetles. 	4
it’s got to be a little rough being a dude ladybug 	4
aliens might have already visited us, but they’re just ant-sized and too small for us to notice, so they befriended earth’s insects instead. 	4
redonda: the caribbean island transformed into an eco haven https://t.co/b6xrzf8lx9	0
every single first born ever started their life as a third wheel. there's exceptions but you get the point	2
babies and oldies are very emotional. babies doesn't know how to control emotions and oldies have controlled emotions so long, they cannot hold it anymore. of course this does not apply to everyone.	5
eating an ant alive is harder than it sounds 	7
drug treatment counselor is probably the only job where years of doing hard drugs and drinking actually work in your favor. 	7
oxygen may have its own smell but we cannot sniff it because we are used to it and we don't feel the difference 	1
the cartoonists shaping graphic medicine - a genre focused on the experience of living with illness  https://t.co/ghu6y3hdri	0
realising you just drove a few minutes without realising is both amazing and scary 	1
if mosquitoe bites weren't itchy people wouldn't mind them. 	1
showering a dog has huge impact on dog's identity and social status. 	4
there are colours which the human eye cannot see and as a result our brain can't even imagine that. 	0
you’d think with all the advancements in technology someone would think of a way to make the beeping on a microwave a little more subtle 	7
amazon holds early lead in historic union election https://t.co/luvqkg8jxc	0
assuming people wash their hands properly, the inside handle of a public restroom’s door is significantly cleaner than the outside handle. 	0
there is no such thing as one option. it is either multiple options or no options. 	1
hungary's ruling party, the right-wing fidesz, to leave largest grouping in the european parliament https://t.co/dpa2k9zf8g	0
there's a limited supply of a chemically interesting substance that derives from ancient life and most of what we use it for is making plastic and burning. 	5
generally speaking, you’ll be alive to witness the 100th anniversary of your parents date of birth. the same applies to your own children and so on as decades turn into centuries. 	3
toilet paper rolls decrease in size at an exponential rate. 	5
"galaxies, or even the entire universe (or the ""reality simulation"" if you prefer that theory) might be just a really huge escape room every species tries to get out of once they develop ftl technology "	4
tall people must have to be conscious not looking through their peripheries in stalls 	1
you can make any word sound significantly cooler if you add “operation” in front of it. 	2
the faster you drive, the faster you get to your destination, but the chances of you getting to your destination decrease. 	5
indonesia: archaeologists find world's oldest animal cave painting https://t.co/bodwob05tj	0
'greed' and 'capitalism' helped uk's vaccines success, uk pm boris johnson says https://t.co/fovlllidpx	0
of all of the billions of people living in this world, you might exactly have a perfect lookalike in different race or gender. 	0
we invite people over to our house but clean up to look like we don't live there. 	5
breaking: prosecutors rest their case against a former minneapolis police officer in george floyd's death. during 11 days of testimony, the jury saw wrenching video of the 46-year-old black man’s death. https://t.co/sjyfoxiftr	0
make sure to always wear a nice outfit because if you die, that’s your ghost outfit forever 	7
buying bigger clothes as a child is cool but buying bigger clothes as an adult is sad and embarrassing 	5
adds that are unskipable will just make people hate that product more. 	5
textbooks have way more pictures than most fiction / non-fiction books. 	5
alexander monson: kenya police to stand trial over death of british man https://t.co/mso3ootkr9	0
since the world is constantly spinning we’re basically rotisserie humans cooked by the sun 	4
twitter founder jack dorsey's first ever tweet sells for $2.9m https://t.co/ktkif2rnnp	0
if you see a member of the military in uniform, you'll respect them more than a police officer in their uniform, even though a police officer puts themselves in harm's way much more than a typical member of the military. 	6
lil nas x went from woody to buzz lightyear in one song. 	4
most people seeing this will not live long enough to see 2100. and even if they do, they'll probably be too old to even aprecciate it.	1
it’s recommended to get 8 hours of sleep in order to be healthy, but it’s hard to be successful when you spend a third of your life asleep 	5
ghosts can’t touch the dots in pac-man, so maybe the dots are the real ghosts and pac-man is a soul eating devil. 	4
two sessions: chinese delegates discuss gender roles, mental health https://t.co/21i7au3eav	0
we are to the point where we will have to upgrade our eyes before we can upgrade our televisions 	4
eragon and the golden compass had everything going for them, but only had 1 movie come out each... meanwhile human centipede is sitting on a trilogy. 	7
garfield hates mondays because it’s when his owner, jon, has to leave to go to work. 	1
the less a flask looks like a flask, the more useful it is. 	5
in stone age a person would see far more stars in the sky than the number of people they know of, so it would make perfect sense that the stars are souls of dead people. 	1
if we were enslaved by an alien species, there maybe a minority in that species wanting human rights 	4
people usually say the earliest they see christmas commercials is august or september, but it’s probably december 26th. 	1
since harry potter has his mother’s eyes, he shouldn’t need glasses like his father. 	5
fish who see humans in scuba gear probably think that's what we look like all the time 	4
once summer's gone and temparatures drop, you instantly forget how it was when it was warm 	2
maybe some of our other organs are self aware too. 	4
on december 31, 2019, there will be no more teenagers born in the 1990s, in the 20th century and in the 2nd millennium. that is if you don't count the year 2000 as being part of the latter two.	0
french bulldogs close in on labradors as most popular us dog 🐾  https://t.co/qztsmyrdfk	0
in the carly simon song “you’re so vain” the lyrics say it isn’t about the person who thinks it is about them. but it is about that person 	5
a structure like a death star or star killer base looks impressive, until you realize it’s pretty insignificant, compared to and completely dwarfed by your run of the mill dyson sphere 	4
there are *usually* more doorknobs in a house than doors 	1
in the future, if you don't pay off your car it can drive back to the dealership on its own. 	4
an australian is basicly a cool british person on steroids 	7
in a way, we all share a percentage of dna with everyone else in the world, meaning you are a relative to anyone you ever dated. 	6
superman doesn't have to open his eyes to see 	4
it’s possible that somebody you saw on the street died shortly after, meaning you were one of the last people to see that person alive without knowing who they were or even acknowledging their death in the first place. 	8
you know you become an adult when you stop being scared sleeping with a leg or hand out of the blanket 	6
voluntarily being naked in your room becomes more common as you grow up 	1
people who are into edging are probably also successful in life thanks to their ability to withold gratification 	3
when you are seeing you feel like you’re orientated around your eyes, but when your eyes are closed there’s nothing to orientate you around your eyes, but you still feel like you are 	4
using perfectly fine water to flush away your shit is actually one of the biggest flexes possible, yet we barely ever think about it. 	6
dark humor is the way people deal with tragedy 	2
to become as filthy rich as jeff bezos, you would have to earn $50 million a year for the next two millennia. 	1
this probably reminded you that you have eyebrows. 	1
if π truly has infinite digits there's another π inside π 	4
after the sega genesis there was a sega exodus. 	1
at this rate of social media takeover, future humans will be able to do nothing for its own sake. 	6
.001% of bacteria is still a lot of bacteria considering theirs could be hundreds of thousands to millions. 	1
we talk to animals as if they can understand us when they have no concept of language. we talk to babies in gibberish when they're actively developing language skills edit: a lot of upset pet owners making their presence known. i've owned pets my whole life and while they are able to understand communication, that is not the same as understanding language. a dog can hear a sound and know its vague purpose, but the subtleties and versatility of language is useless to animals.  your pet cannot understand you, they understand a few noises and what they're associated with. that is not language.	5
peeing in showers makes the world a healthier place as flushing the toilet releases germs into the air. 	0
as a society, we’ve apparently decided that it’s perfectly acceptable to clean entire restaurants with a single dirty rag 	7
one of three men accused of murdering journalist daphne caruana galizia in malta in 2017 pleads guilty https://t.co/oqhtrorjgz	0
games are simulated problems to keep you away from problems. 	5
it’s weird looking at a plant and thinking “we came from the same place” 	4
a tank is a train that brings its own tracks. 	5
tsunami warnings raised after series of earthquakes in new zealand https://t.co/qwirhixy9b	0
home is where you trust the toilet seat, but that all changes when you have people over. 	7
people with deeper voices seem more chill, because you rarely hear people with high pitched voices sounding relaxed 	4
back in 2000 when you installed a big game on your pc you sometimes had to use up to 4 discs and it took 2 hours to install, today installing a game like gta 5 would require 92 cd-roms and would take a week to install. this title is just begging for someone older than me talking about floppy drives or its predecessors.	5
people who donate their organs are resurrected, but only a little. 	4
your phone has probably traveled further from its origin than most romans ever did 	5
since re-naming the department of war to department of defence in 1945, the dod hasn't fought a single defensive war but 12 offensive ones 	5
if you look at a youtuber’s old videos, they usually have graspy and have a deep voice, now you look at their new videos they’re super hyped up and everything. 	6
the majority of professional paperwork is approved by a scribble 	5
if you’re going out to meet new people and you’re unhappy with your weight or how your body looks, just tell people that you used to weight 400 pounds. you might not think you look good, but you look amazing for someone who used to weigh 400 pounds... 	2
deaf people use devices so they can hear, people with normal hearing abilities use devices so they can block out the world 	5
the way someone talks is a unique blend of what media they watched, their culture, and people they were around 	1
the zombies from plants vs zombies are committed landscapers cleaning an overgrown yard. 	4
nature shows like planet earth must have hours of unused footage they could release as soothing background videos. 	4
the early impressionist painters probably just needed glasses. 	1
it must feel really awkward for the camera crew to film movie scenes where two people are doing it in bed. 	2
you've won a lot of arguements in your mind. 	1
the only true way to be straight is to be blind, because anything you see is light on the visible light spectrum, which is a rainbow, which is gay. 	7
saying someone is gifted is saying that they got their skill by luck. 	2
in the far future, we'll have to separate world records by which world they were broken on. 	4
a wobbly tooth is an exciting time for a child with the hope of getting money. a wobbly tooth in an adult is the complete opposite. 	5
kissing booths are a light form of prostitution. 	6
wikipedia has gone from being known as completely untrustworthy to being one of the only peer reviewed, citation required, relatively unbiased sources of information left. 	6
when watching a movie or video, there is a slight delay because sound moves slower than light. 	0
people often confuse learning from past mistakes with being a hypocrite. 	6
you don't realize how little you chew your food until you have a sore throat. 	0
credit card fees get charged to the credit card so technically it pays for itself 	1
a backpack is a real life inventory upgrade. 	4
if a dj doesn't produce and play original music, they're essentially advertising other artists. 	7
many of us have probably interacted with a kkk member at some point and didn’t even know it. 	6
there are two types of men. those who lift both lids to take a leak, and those who choose to lift only one. 	1
since scooby doo is a great dane and great danes can run up to 30 mph (48 kph), that makes shaggy the fastest man alive because he can keep up with scooby when they're running away from a villian. 	4
you're never 1yrs old on your first christmas 	1
a musical note played on its own has no effect on us, but if played after a certain sequence of notes before it can bring us to tears of sadness or joy 	3
some people don’t need sex because depressions fucks them daily. 	7
sometimes life is so pay-to-win, with some luck involved 	1
if diet crazes worked there wouldn’t be a knew one every few weeks. 	5
nsfw probably doesn't apply if you work in porn 	7
reverse procrastination is when you planned to waste your day browsing the internet but got distracted and finished all your work. 	0
you don't realise how much time has passed until it's near the end. you don't realise how much freedom you have until it's gone. you don't realise that you don't realise. 	4
society would work a lot better if we just fully forgot gender roles. 	1
when you get married to someone, it's because your collection of atoms likes being in proximity to another particular collection of atoms. 	4
if the singular form of mice is mouse, then the singular form of spice is spouse. 	4
college textbook companies have a monopoly and can raise the price of their textbooks without any problems if they wanted to 	6
mursal wahidi landed her dream job at at a tv station. but she was gunned down after finishing her shift. at nearly the same time, two of her co-workers were shot and killed. the killings are the latest in a campaign against journalists in afghanistan. https://t.co/o4yha9zwqx	0
a sixth person has died following a shooting earlier this week at the hands of a former nfl player in south carolina, local officials said. robert shook, 38, has died from injuries sustained in the shooting. https://t.co/pyeickykba	0
every person will be forgotten about by their family within 3-4 generations after their death 	8
once your wife has had her first child you become a motherfucker. 	1
you and the homies do more gay shit than actual gay people 	7
we'll never know if wishing wells used to work and then someone wished they never did or ever will 	4
ever human has a flaw physically or mentally 	2
a senior iranian official offered an upbeat assessment of progress in talks aimed at bringing the u.s. back into world powers’ 2015 deal with tehran on its nuclear program. the deputy foreign minister said a “new understanding” appears to be taking shape. https://t.co/of6vfigkdr	0
he slashed me from cheek to cheek  asian americans across the us have faced a surge in discrimination and hate crimes during the pandemic https://t.co/2tnwnlullk https://t.co/d5nzgq7hbf	0
if a person says they are immortal, you can't legally prove them wrong. 	8
being “quirky” is no longer unique since everyone says they are “quirky” meaning being “normal” is now “quirky” 	1
"somewhere the response ""no u."" has worked at least once for someone. "	5
a human is not actually an individual, but rather a community of microscopic organisms working towards an unspecified goal. 	4
a year becomes a progressively smaller percentage of our lives as we get older. 	5
'why i bought' the lil nas x 'satan shoes' https://t.co/t5epqytnil https://t.co/d9c7otof0m	0
it will be curious to see how generations of people that have grown up playing video games from an early age and throughout their life will fare against degenerative brain diseases such as alzheimer's, dementia, etc when compared to previous generations. 	0
a nevada lithium mine is one of several energy projects the trump administration approved in its final days. although some decisions may be revoked, biden has signaled support for lithium due to its use in electric vehicles, @metzsam and @ssonner report. https://t.co/dukdnrboix	0
brazil to get fourth health minister since covid-19 pandemic began  https://t.co/ickbqibda3	0
the reason we love our mothers' cooking probably has more to do with it being the food we associate with childhood than it does with being uniquely delicious. 	1
people fall in love just to have sex and children. survival is still the primal instinct. 	1
anti-abortion leaders across america were elated when donald trump became the first sitting u.s. president to appear at the march for life last year. now, the mood is sober after trump has been replaced by joe biden, a supporter of abortion rights. https://t.co/thzpuc0ktv	0
group deported from dubai over nude photoshoot on balcony https://t.co/utbwbxezdc	0
video: crowds protest myanmar coup, defying deadly crackdown, https://t.co/pw7h5hg76m	0
being in a relationship with someone who is bisexual is actually quite the compliment to you, seeing as though they have twice as many options 	6
amazon rainforest fire was the biggest vegan bbq that got out of control 	6
videogames might not make you violent, but food/cooking games sure do make you feel hungry 	7
the average color of a black-and-white tiled floor is gray. 	1
most of the thoughts exposed here are not from shower. 	0
the quality of a gamer's experience isn't decreasing, our expectations have just skyrocketed. 	1
there’s a good chance you and your dad have jerked off to the same pornstar. 	8
people always complain about a tiny hair on foods while they love to suck dicks and eat pussies 	7
two top officials of japan’s ruling ldp party suggested separately that the tokyo olympics could still in for some radical changes. one said they could still be canceled, and the other that if they proceed it might be without fans. https://t.co/h7esy94mvg	0
the top rated post on runpopularopinion is automatically a popular opinion. 	0
at one point, being naked in public was normal 	0
when we are kids we fear the boogeyman, when we are adults we fear the taxman. 	5
watch live as nasa rover perseverance attempts to land on mars at 20:55 gmt (15:55 et) after almost seven months travelling from earth  https://t.co/jbkcmitmbi	0
your pictures on the theme of 'sculpture' https://t.co/24cgdrdlhp	0
governors’ offices typically don’t make it easy for reporters to access records. in a half dozen states, governors routinely claim they are exempt from state sunshine laws. by @stephengroves #sunshineweek  https://t.co/mi81s0zrhx	0
most suitcases don’t properly hold a suit 	3
you can't change the volume of the thoughts running through your head. 	1
you won’t know when you have to use information taught in school until you have to use outside of school. 	5
viagogo must sell stubhub's non-us business https://t.co/qgy4xvweyc	0
in 30 years moms will know online games can’t be paused. 	2
due to the fact that oil is made of dinosaurs and plastic is made from oil, there is a slim chance that the water you are drinking from a plastic bottle is the same water that the dinosaur that the bottle is made from also drank. 	4
kim kardashian has been added to the forbes billionaire list after several recent high-value business deals   https://t.co/zae98tw947 https://t.co/kjdq5tpvt8	0
in the toy story universe, all toys are sentient, and real brands like barbie and slinky are in there with woody and jessie, so, in some kid’s playroom, a sentient buzz lightyear action figure and a luke skywalker doll are probably fighting darth vader and zurg. 	4
technically speaking, every human is man-made 	1
reverse psychology is too well-known to work anymore. 	0
the beach and the sea meet again when you pour a glass of water 	4
every word in every dictionary is completely made up. 	4
reports from myanmar say at least 82 people were killed in one day in a crackdown by security forces on pro-democracy protesters. https://t.co/gkxqk6sqko	0
egypt mummies pass through cairo in lavish parade  https://t.co/qvjq27wn7o https://t.co/nsxuhl1lfl	0
if there is a guy out there that sees a mirrored version of the world, nobody would ever notice 	4
the most flawed of us often are those who believe they are flawless and will announce it to the world 	5
the most attractive word to the human mind is “maybe” 	7
cringe is feeling embarrassed for something you didn't do 	5
everyone assumes aliens are more advanced then us. no one considers there might be other life out there currently in their middle ages or wild west eras. 	4
we don't ever see mirrors in our dreams because our measly brains can't simulate the physics behind it. 	1
somebody just realised they watched a video using mobile data 	1
how we think we’ll feel when becoming rich is probably the same way a virgin thinks it would feel like having sex. my apologies for the wording!	5
people become the scariest when they suddenly become polite after behaving violently towards you. 	2
recognize that the very molecules that make up your body, the atoms that construct the molecules, are traceable to the crucibles that were once the centers of high mass stars that exploded their chemically rich guts into the galaxy. 	0
a person who jokes too often is seldom trusted, even though he always speaks the truth. 	4
aliens might be avoiding us because we’re the hood of the galaxy 	4
tesla partners with nickel mine amid shortage fears https://t.co/gag7syjrus	0
being born hyper-active and growing up discouraged is ironic: as a child you take medication to lower your excessive activity, as an adult you take medication to get raise your lacking activity. 	5
growing up is realizing most people in public school were alright and who you chose as your friends were purely due to chance. 	1
we could’ve met before but we’ll never know from the anonymity of our identity through our accounts. 	1
"all vital functions can be counterproductive if used in excess; digesting, excreting, sleeping or even sweating. thinking does not escape the rule. "	0
even after the capitol riot showed the deadly consequences of online ire, a faction of republican officials is using its influence to spread messages that delegitimize the new administration. by @ap @garanceburke @mendozamartha @julietlinderman @larryfenn. https://t.co/kq5qwkjfhm	0
the federal government is proposing to downgrade 144 cities from the metropolitan statistical area designation. under the plan, a metro area would have to have at least 100,000 people, double the 50,000-person threshold implemented more than 70 years ago. https://t.co/d8vhoevtab	0
guys with stubble are very lucky when random itches attack their arms and hands. 	4
saying it was love at first sight at your wedding is beautiful and romantic, but saying it is love at first sight after the first date is creepy. 	5
an emu is a feathery meatball with 3 sticks 	4
if apollo 13 had been the first successful mission to the moon, we might have gotten over the superstition of the number 13 rather than it getting worse after that fateful mission. 	5
skip intro is most likely one of the most useful features ever created. 	2
people take wikipedia for granted. its only a very recent thing in human history to be able to find any piece of information on demand. 	1
"médecins sans frontières staff ""witnessed soldiers killing civilians"" in ethiopia's tigray conflict https://t.co/fdxjaiss0v"	0
given that the odds of you being born as you are about 1 in 400 trillion, it’s not unreasonable to think we were actually meant to be 	1
getting consent from someone with multiple personality disorder is consensus 	4
despite being almost invincible and the greatest of all the greek warriors, achilles is mainly remembered for his heel. 	2
it’s amazing how comfortable we are with watching people who “think for us” so that we have arguments to make against those who disagree with us. 	1
there is no such thing as dirt, just smaller and smaller rocks. 	0
showing up to work and finding out you weren't scheduled is the most unexplainable feeling, not happy, but not sad either 	2
sitting down to pee is the aim bot of urination 	4
as we gain more time in life, we also lose it. 	5
it’s ironic that lightning bolts, the biggest cause of natural fires, come with rain, the biggest natural way fires are put out. 	5
we've gone from pocket watches to wrist watches, and noe we're back to pulling our watches out of our pockets 	1
life is a free app... that contains ads and in-app purchases. 	4
if there’s no life after death, then we’re playing on hardcore mode. 	4
the first cellphone was in a car and now the biggest issue for drivers is using cellphones 	5
every face is a punchable face if your mad enough 	7
demi lovato 'had three strokes and a heart attack' after 2018 overdose https://t.co/zkhsw0cafz	0
animal documentaries on predators are made by stalking the predator 	5
batman would do a lot more good for gotham if he just opened an orphanage 	6
a two party system only survives if both parties are different enough to give people the illusion of choice, while being similar enough that someone can support either and feel comfortable in that decision 	6
behind every showerthought are tons of ideas blocked by the bot 	1
almost all of the toys you grew up with are now in a landfill. think of all the stuff you had played with as a child, and think about all that trash and stuff your folks threw out that is now in a landfill.	1
old phonograph music is considered creepy these days so in 100 years there'll be futuristic robot kids in a haunted house getting the crap scared out of them when they hear drake playing on an iphone spotify app 	4
the guy who is in early? not there to impress the boss or get a head start on the day. he’s pooping because he’s out of toilet paper at home. 	1
the average adult today has probably seen more naked women than all roman emperors combined. 	4
the minute you learn a new word, you feel like you hear it all the time 	1
elevators not having cancel buttons for accidentally hitting the wrong floor is a total downer. 	4
earlier this week a low level military officer realized that he technically had to tell his boss about #stormarea51 	1
even lazy teachers have to spend hours of their own time (at least) writing lesson plans and grading. 	1
de ja vu could just be our brains processing the present so fast that we think it is a memory 	4
"boys will be boys implies irresponsible fun; ""girls will be girls"" implies irresponsible bitching/moaning. "	6
there is a good chance your phone number is saved on somebody’s phone somewhere in the world and that person has just never gotten around to contacting you. 	1
having monday off and having to only work 4 days seem like two separate benefits. 	2
it's pretty crazy that one guy got 2 continents named after him. 	2
there is a good chance that someone out there thinks that you're out of their league 	1
myanmar's aung san suu kyi 'detained by military' https://t.co/7irvwwmiwn	0
the sexual displays utilized by humans must look like some kind of voodoo witchcraft to other species, when they are successful. 	4
advertising is sex sells. health insurance is death sells. kindof pessimistic ik sorry.	8
humans were the third species from earth to reach space 	2
modern society is the ultimate hellish group project. 	4
in pokémon, it doesn’t make sense that you can’t catch a pokémon that has fainted. at that point it shouldn’t be uncatchable, but have a 100% catch rate. 	4
"you're expected to be friends with coworkers, go to lunch with your boss, celebrate birthdays and other aspects of life at work, but when you're fired you're told ""it's just business, not personal."" "	5
what is the oxford-astrazeneca covid vaccine? https://t.co/ybl8y5ccoj	0
photocopies of your butt was spamming your unsolicited nudes before sexting was invented 	1
"birthdays are so weird. its like saying "" here's a gift and a party for not dying"" "	5
politeness would probably be much more important in modern day if dueling was still allowed. 	6
the law tells us not to kill by killing those that kill. 	5
"if you photo-shopped a picture of a catfish; it's technically still a catfish, just in a different sense. "	5
while not actively remembering every letter place, we could fill in a blank qwerty keyboard from muscle memory alone. 	1
if you get a job at 16 and your friend(s) wait until after college, you're just speed running the main quest and they're doing more side missions. 	1
it’s 2019 and we still fasten our shoes the same way we did 400 years ago: with a small piece of rope. there have been no advancements in engineering since then. 	1
if the world runs out of oxygen there will not be any amazon fire 	8
if websites would list their password restrictions at the login page, people would more often remember their passwords. 	2
if you are standing in a street in nyc you are probably on the same piece of asphalt as los angeles 	2
"the human brain, (particularly the frontal lobe which is responsible for judgement and critical thinking) doesn’t finish developing until age 26; yet we are supposed to not only know what we want to do with our lives, but start working towards it well before that age "	5
some people buy really expensive sports cars because they think others will look at them and think, “wow, that person is really rich and successful,” when actually people think, “wow, that person is probably a huge douche.” 	7
by the age of 15, most of us have seen more naked women than all our ancestors combined.... 	6
realizing you left your your laptop at home is the adult version of forgetting your school work. 	4
our grandchildren may ask us: “was it fun, being able to drive a car?” [obligatory song](https://youtu.be/favqskk8z8u)	0
a convict with an erection is a hardened criminal. 	3
there are countless breathtaking landscapes in the universe that will forever go unobserved 	2
every attempt to declutter a home inevitably ends with random objects and papers being thrown into storage boxes and shoved in the back of a closet. 	5
ranch dressing doesn’t smell anything like a ranch. 	5
beach houses cost millions of dollars, but the sea levels are rising, meaning rich people are both living on the edge of the country, and edge of a risky living space. 	7
if a human was born with the power to breathe underwater, he would most likely never know because we are told to always hold our breath. 	4
dogs could be planning to overthrow humanity and we would have absolutely no idea 	4
zombies in zombie movies are always shown as nearly identical to humans or extremely rotted, but you never see them rot. 	2
whats worse then having a shitty simple job is knowing you are not good at it. 	2
people that go for new posts rather than hot posts have a better chance of landing a successful comment. 	1
nipples are titty titties not quite but you know what i mean	1
there are three physical states in life, sitting, standing, and lying down. at almost any time you’re doing one of these three things and they each categorize what activities you’re able to do 	4
the latest: who: 'not right' to vaccinate young before old. https://t.co/jck3r91fin	0
"virus update: • china ramps up vaccination drive with free eggs, other goods; • shortage of intubation drugs threatens brazil health sector; • amid hesitancy, louisiana gets creative in vaccine outreach. https://t.co/facqvpieyy"	0
mass killings. gang rapes. starvation. now authorities in ethiopia are issuing identity cards that erase the tigray region and its ethnic minority.  https://t.co/sk4e8usbvk	0
the ompa lompas in charlie and the chocolate factory basically did diss tracks on all the kids in front of them 	4
for characters who have superhuman strength, that would include their sphincter 	6
if someone moves food after an ant finds it that ant becomes the biggest liar and douche of his colony after he tries to lead them to it. 	7
if this world is a simulation, created entirely in our minds, then dreams are inceptions of our regular 'lives' 	4
education is the most helpful thing, but at the same time the most complained about thing. 	1
short gets longer the shorter it gets. short, shorter, shortest. 	4
the same evil spirits responsible for replacing a lost item in a place you already looked 5x are also responsible for adding a typo to your comment after you hit post. 	8
we are all, for the most part, able to somehow control our sphincters into releasing a fart without pushing an imminent turd. 	1
"friendzoning is the straight version of saying ""no homo"" this sounded better in my head lol"	2
why iran’s nuclear facilities are still vulnerable to attack https://t.co/pnmjva3h9j	0
you’re charged per year to drive a vehicle you own on roads your taxes pay for with gas that is taxed. 	2
the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balance by sadness 	3
if augmented reality becomes advanced enough there will be real life texture packs 	4
tom and gerrymandering would make a great educational cartoon. 	6
arthur could be a post nuclear world where humans merged with animals, and eventuality evolved into living life the way it was in the 2000s. 	4
even if you are in the top 1% at something there are still potentially 77,000,000 people on this planet who are better than you. 	6
antarctica is the smartest continent, because every one there is a scientist. 	3
the captain super soldier serum only works on the pure of heart, coincidentally steve rogers shares the surname of mr rogers, a popular positivist who was born around 1928 	4
younger people watch the older movies just for that one line that everyone talks about. this is mostly true for the last few generations. 	2
men love blowjobs, but are afraid of vaginas with teeth. 	4
if sexual intercourse didn't bring pleasure to both parties, the human population would probably have been much smaller. 	3
technically, wolverine can never be circumcised, on account of his healing abilities. 	4
"newly-appointed editor of teen vogue apologises for ""racist and homophobic"" tweets she wrote as a teenager https://t.co/k49roatmzf"	0
intruder at air force one base sparks global security review https://t.co/v8kpp09nku	0
there were probably folk in the middle ages who got off to the punishment of kissing some royal’s boots or feet 	2
w is the only letter that takes more than 1 syllable to pronounce 	3
aside from prince charming, 3/4 of the main shrek villains are midget sized. 	4
how rising sea temperatures threaten corals https://t.co/2yexxidhp8	0
the scariest thought of all is realizing you may never do anything particularly interesting with your life. 	2
at some point, lol stopped being just an expression of joy, and started also being a cynical sneer at others. 	7
rush hour is poorly named as it is in fact, the slowest traffic of the day. 	4
"love yourself and ""fuck yourself"" have opposite energies, despite meaning similar things "	4
swallowing your saliva is ok but spitting it up in the air to catch it and then swallow it is considered disgusting. 	7
hating yourself does a lot of collateral damage. 	6
photo gallery: highlights of some of the most compelling images made or published by @ap photographers in asia and pacific. https://t.co/ela7orioqd	0
most people who read the entire post also read the tldr just for the fun of it 	1
the phrases “aren’t you” and “don’t you” are not grammatically correct when they don’t use contractions 	3
someone’s probably had sex in space, they just aren’t telling. 	7
everyone of us has a deadly acid inside our stomachs and its ok 	8
three things you once thought were true until someone ruined it for you — santa claus, wwf, and porn. 	7
there are probably thousands of songs that would replace your favorite one, you just don't know them (yet). 	1
you wouldn't know how to tell whether the pressure in your butt is a shit or a fart if you hadn't first crapped yourself so much as a baby. 	8
the friendly attitude of golden retrievers and labradors shows that two strangers don't need to speak the same language to be good friends. 	4
having a week off work feels like fake freedom 	4
chinese people who eat donkey meat daily technically eat ass every day 	3
you are surrounded by things that have been places that you will never go. 	1
some people have played a game with an entire fleshed out day/night system and they never realised it because they only ever played at night. 	2
when using maps and seeing traffic on a street is probably proof that everyone’s phone is being tracked 	3
amanda gorman effect: 'it's going to open doors for poets' https://t.co/udsauas3pi	0
"whoever came up with the term ""vowel"" really missed out on a great opportunity to just create a word using only vowels "	4
considering how many languages there are it’s amazing we all use the same number system i know there are some cultures that also have their own number system. however, it’s amazing that for example: italians germans, english all have the same number system.	1
no matter how many new generations comes (4g, 5g, 6g..etc) mobile broadband speed will always be shit 	7
in the future, old youtubers might give their account to their children, and it might develop into some sort of family business that is passed on through generations until the original owner of the account becomes legend. 	4
you never realize how much hair you lost after a haircut until you take a shower 	1
long fingernails are elegant. long toe nails are gross. 	5
you are happy in at least one of the parallel universes! 	8
women can easily get men to cook more by having more cookouts. men fight like hell to prove their grilling prowess. 	7
captchas ask you to identify bicycles, crosswalks, street lights, and other road related objects. they’re probably being used to farm data for self-driving vehicles. 	1
you can blow out candles and blow up explosives, but you can't blow in candles or blow down explosives. 	4
gifs have evolved into a new language like moving hieroglyphs. hierogifs if you will 	4
the spider in the corner of your room has seen everything 	6
dogs are always paying attention to your emotions 	1
virus update:  • biden makes all adults eligible for a vaccine on april 19 • even as schools reopen, many students learn remotely. • boat, camel: vaccine reaches world's far corners. • iran sets new record for virus cases.  follow all @ap coverage: https://t.co/4zik8qfijq	0
hip hop producers consistently fail to achieve a balanced level of snare in the artists’ headphones at the beginning of a take. 	7
new zealand to introduce two insects from europe to tackle wasp problem https://t.co/igvsekewvi	0
the earthquake shook buildings in tokyo, and triggered a tsunami warning for the country’s northeast coast. https://t.co/svngu3diue	0
pretty soon when you buy a car, manual or automatic might not be about the transmission. 	1
there are live dildos in the toy story world 	4
pollution is taking things from the earth and throwing it back into the earth in the wrong place. 	7
china promotes education drive to make boys more 'manly' https://t.co/fr5xn329ej	0
alarn clock but instead of beeping noise a hand reaches out and pinches your ass 	4
at the current rate of technological evolution and the advent of ai, we will effectively be neanderthals as far as people in the year 3000 are concerned. 	4
maybe animals see the tour de france as a large human flock migrating through the mountains. 	4
it's ironic that when computers overheat, they freeze up. 	5
gremlins can't be feed after midnight. but it's always after midnight. 	5
plant-based hamburgers are shamburgers. this is the word i'll use when ordering my veg food now.	3
the biggest heart attack is looking at your phone 2 hours after you got home and it says lte not wifi. 	1
those who refer to something as dirt cheap have likely never paid for dirt. 	5
india is expanding its covid-19 vaccination drive beyond health care and front-line workers, offering shots to older people and those with medical conditions that put them at risk as new infections are rising again after months of consistent decline. https://t.co/bijplbrmkj	0
you know how a product breaks easily and we’re like “oh no wonder why this is cheap, it was made in china!” does china have that too with someone else’s product? or are they like “no wonder why this product sucks! we made it!” 	1
in a major expansion, at least 11 states are opening vaccine eligibility to all adults this week. states opening on monday include texas, oklahoma, louisiana, ohio and kansas. but some health officials worry it could create expectations they can’t meet. https://t.co/ndjnvo0skl	0
showing a video used to be proof that something happened. now we can’t even trust that. 	6
hunter biden, the son of us president joe biden, reflects on his public struggle with drug and alcohol addiction  https://t.co/datlygr7ir https://t.co/ikah0d5voh	0
death seems scary but no one who's tried it has complained about it 	8
people cover the cameras on their laptops, but not their phones. we spend a lot more time in front of our phones and give unknown consent to every app we download... 	6
push up bras are literally making mountains out of molehills. push up bras are making mountains out of molehills.	7
with the widespread legalization of recreational marijuana, next generation the nowadays 'chill' parent will probably be pretty uptight 	7
when someone says “here goes nothing” they are usually risking everything 	5
water seems to have a calming and relaxing effect on people,maybe that’s what it was like in the womb. 	4
reproducing is like successfully passing off the baton to the next runner 	4
darkness is the fastest entity in the universe and not light, because however fast light travels darkness has already been there first. 	7
going to bed when you feel like it and waking up whenever you want are luxuries that not enough people enjoy. 	1
if robots take over all the work then we might all have enough free time to have a life. 	5
toilet paper has only been around for 150 years. we have a pretty shitty history. 	7
the jury came back with its verdict after about 10 hours of deliberations over two days. derek chauvin's bail was immediately revoked and he was led away with his hands cuffed behind his back. sentencing will be in two months.	0
it’s quite interesting how the earth has so many animals that like to be petted 	1
every lotto ticket is a schroedinger's ticket until the drawing. 	5
when you press control+alt+delete you transform into a karen because you want to speak to the manager 	4
if you erased all memory and nostalgia of your childhood movies, you probably wouldn’t even be able to sit through most of them. 	7
the fastest way to lose weight is amputation. 	5
there is an infinite amount of numbers no one will ever say or write 	1
people are always ploding as in not exploding or imploding 	4
combing your hair to go to a nudist meeting must feel strange. 	7
rich people may eat nicer but they probably also eat more spit than the rest of us 	5
the first city on mars will be a lot like fyre festival 	4
if you have a sandbox and a pool you have domesticated the beach 	4
thai authorities are bracing on the border for a possible influx of more ethnic karen villagers fleeing new air strikes from the myanmar military. the airstrikes mark an escalation in the violent crackdown by the junta against opponents of the coup. https://t.co/42djqgo9pv	0
no sane person would eat dog food, so the bacon flavored ones can be chicken for all we know. 	4
"with the social rise in screen use; optometry is likely to become a highly profitable industry in the coming decades "	3
six months is the farthest anything can be from your birthday. 	1
the creator of barbie also made military grade missles 	5
you’ve probably seen the same bird or whatever common animal in your area twice and didn’t even realize it 	1
dogs couldn't play games where you'd need a poker face. their tails would give them away. 	7
sports fans that wear sport jerseys are cosplayers 	4
don't hate dad. he is one real reason why you were born. happy dad's day. 	7
a young student struggling in school with bad- mediocre grades would learn so much if he spent a full week shadowing (at school and home) a thriving student who got perfect grades. 	0
the kool-aid man probably keeps busting through walls because the doors aren’t big enough for him. 	4
if you are an underage person, and you commit a crime naked in front of surveillance cameras, nobody can watch that footage without committing a crime themselves. 	4
the taste of water changes by how thirsty you are 	0
the u.s. death toll from the coronavirus has eclipsed 400,000 in the waning hours in office for president trump, whose handling of the crisis has been judged by public health experts to be a failure.   https://t.co/py1rqqvi5s	0
if pigs ever learn to fly, millions of promises will be broken instantaneously 	4
as an exceptionally caring person, with a strong sense of empathy and an uncommon sensitivity to the needs of others, mr. rogers was probably *very* good in bed. 	7
considering we spend one third of our lives in our bed, people really undervalue how important a good bed is. 	7
uk 'past this peak' but infections still 'alarmingly high' - pm boris johnson https://t.co/rxz5ifcd6z	0
listening to wind blowing through trees is like the inland version of listening to waves on a beach 	4
when you get another helping of sloppy joes, it's sloppy seconds. 	3
the first crime of 2000 was technically the crime of millenium. 	3
speaking with a ghetto accent makes one seem stupid, even if it isn't true. 	5
we're in 'the matrix' and our neo is already dead. 	8
to respect your ancestors meant more when it was difficult to live to an old age. with technological advancements made by ancestors across societal disciplines, it now is less impressive to live to old age, so old people with insightful wisdom are less common 	5
once you’ve gotten the covid-19 vaccine, what can you safely do? you can enjoy small gatherings again, officials say, but continue wearing a mask and social distancing in public. see more of @ap’s “viral questions”:  https://t.co/pehx5jyl1q  https://t.co/fs7th8is41	0
we all might actually be dead but are being shown our memories and choices before judgement or your next life 	8
india minister mj akbar loses #metoo defamation case to priya ramani https://t.co/bupzob9f0f	0
if most people are of average intelligence, then the most intelligent opinions are going to be the most uncommon, along with the most unintelligible. 	6
your birth is the start of your future and the beginning of your past. 	4
breaking: u.s. officials believe saudi crown prince approved operation to 'capture or kill' journalist jamal khashoggi, says newly released document. https://t.co/vylc0henhq	0
a team of 10 nepalese climbers who became the first to scale the world’s second-highest peak during the harsh winter season have received a hero’s welcome on their return home. https://t.co/obhdjqbyk5	0
some countries have moons on their flags while others have their flags on the moon 	4
if watermelon get squish make water watermelon 	4
if you want to see what you look like with or without a mustache, you'd still hold a finger under your nose. 	5
we are all just brains making choices that will determine the lifespan of our bodyvehicle. 	4
"the ""as seen on tv"" section will dissapear soon. "	3
vou probably spoke once with a stranger who died the next day and never knew. 	7
you’re never more tired than immediately after your alarm goes off 	5
if a parson toutch an elactrisity in the water and he burn and explod then the parson is an witch like in a movie wizard of odds 	4
people used to make fun of 'computer nerds', now everyone is on their smartphones all day long. 	5
mosquitoes are both top and bottom of the food chain 	7
everyone thinks their thoughts are interesting, and then they try and post here 	4
a 20 week ultrasound scan is your first violation of privacy as a human 	5
the most amazing part of movie theaters is that you can nap in public for $10-20. 	7
greek bull figurine, believed to be at least 2,500 years old, unearthed after heavy downpour near ancient site of olympia https://t.co/2gs4sdt62k	0
if a baby is born every 15 seconds, you have been the youngest person in the whole wide world for 15 seconds. 	3
an empty browser history is almost as incriminating as a dirty one 	6
a relationship isn't real love until you both fart around each other 	7
nothing gives people the feeling of power like dropping something and catching it mid air 	7
if there's one thing that no one can take away from the current generation, it's that we've taken all of the good usernames. 	2
the magic you're looking for is in the work you're avoiding . 	7
the difference between being seen as arrogant and just confident is whether or not people like you or want to hit your punchable face 	6
everyone may see colors differently, due to the fact that everyone was taught since young what different colors are. someone’s yellow could be someone else’s orange. 	0
animals might be having serious long conversations in one sound because they have optimized the efficiency of their communication 	4
since porn is a thing, the number of times people misspell “amateur” must have reduced drastically. 	7
we’ve reached the age where someone has to write “wait for it” in the title because people don’t have the patience to sit through a video less than a minute long. 	1
everything the iphone 11 features can be offered in an android update or app 	1
anything and everything you do will inevitably cause you to die 	8
wouldn’t a black noise machine amplify sounds instead of drowning them out since black is opposite of white 	4
a previously unreported cyberattack tied to china against the inter-american development bank in late 2019 is bringing new attention to that country’s role in the lending institution. https://t.co/o9xezxai7s	0
technically, all faucets are motion-activated. 	5
putin critic navalny on hunger strike over russian prison treatment https://t.co/shujusunkd	0
“all you have to do is to see the fencing around the capitol to be shocked.” nobody, it seems, wants to keep the security fence around the u.s. capitol anymore — except the police who fought off the horrific attack on jan. 6. https://t.co/h0v1zuo9al	0
humans don't use the brain, the brain uses the human body. 	5
you'd think there'd be more people trying to actually save the rainforest. 	6
specialisation is knowing more and more about less and less 	5
there’s probably a youtuber you’d love to watch but they speak a different language. 	1
judging someone based on gossip is like judging a book by its movie. 	3
skydiving is like having sex with a hooker, you pay $200 for 2 minutes of excitement and screaming. 	4
a nightmare in reality is a horror movie which costs you not even a cent to watch 	3
it doesn’t matter what city you’re in around the world, you can almost certainly buy a t-shirt that says ‘california surf’ 	5
haikus are easy, but sometimes they make no sense, refrigerator 	4
it is impossible to give someone permission to steal something 	7
a reality tv show where teams go to villages in a 3rd world country and compete to improve living conditions. they pitch ideas at the end of the week and viewers can donate money to their favourite teams. 	4
out of all the senses, feeling/touch has the weakest memories. 	3
nowadays an animal's best defense mechanism is being cute 	1
movies are unrealistic because people wait for other people to finish before speaking 	7
if we are living in a simulation, then space aliens are a yet to be released dlc. 	4
paying for heels is the same as paying to tiptoe 	4
chefs working in restaurants don't starve by helping their customers not starve 	7
every time you kill a mosquito, you're helping evolution create mosquitoes that are harder to kill. 	8
the water brand evian tastes like tap water and it’s naive spelt backwards 	7
we will never see the end of an infinity mirror loop. it requires perfectly aligned mirrors and a viewpoint in the exact middle looking straight forward. even if we did these we can’t see it because our bodies block the view. same issue with cameras. we will never know. 	3
if it wasn't for dog walkers about 75% of dumped bodies would never be found. 	8
it’s highly likely that war strategies will evolve quickly once gaming generations begin to take command of irl battlefields. 	6
michael b. jordan  wayne's world  🍋🍋🍋  here's a preview of this year's #superbowl ads, which will include more than 20 newcomers as well as some old favorites.  read more from @maetron and let her know what you think during the game.  https://t.co/2bmkfb06i1	0
if something has been done by a human, then the average number of humans who do that can't be zero 	7
someday soon people aren't gonna be able to relate to the sound of tv static that's in the hbo intro 	3
group projects with useless classmates is the educational system preparing you for a future job with lazy ass coworkers. you think it's a school only thing but it actually never ends. 	8
"people probably say ""well there's only one way to find out!"" a lot less since the invention of google. "	4
the new apple monitor stand is literally a grand stand 	4
"the scariest and saddest moment ever is when you're the only human left in the world and you see an ad for ""hot single women in your area"". "	8
if humans had more upper body strength, we could replace crosswalks with monkey bars to speed up traffic 	4
if a musician always sounds great when practicing, they are practicing the wrong things. 	6
the earth won’t care if temperatures are rising. we “save the planet” to save ourselves. 	6
the most excited people after black panther's release were probably residents of wakonda, south dakota. 	4
you wouldn't trust a total stranger, yet most of us trust that total strangers will be safe drivers every time we get in our cars. 	6
wolves can solve any problem if there are enough wolves. 	4
the state of deterioration in the world has reached the point that, in order to save even a small scrap of what we have, the majority of those in power will have to be forcibly removed and those remaining will have to learn to live in fear of the public opinion and the anger of the gentle majority. 	6
biden is the romney of the democratic party 	7
you know you’ve made it in life when you have a wikipedia page about you. 	1
your homeboys and bros probably know how to give a handjob a good one i mean  disclaimer: nohomo	7
"the statement ""intelligent people are those who notice abstract patterns in large sets of data"" is an incredible way to subtly brag about your intelligence text (optional)"	2
the biden administration for the first time has allowed journalists inside its main border detention facility for migrant children. a tour revealed a severely overcrowded tent structure where more than 4,100 people were being housed. https://t.co/ktyfu1jygb	0
biden will have trump in his rear-view mirror as the departing president’s supporters aren’t going anywhere  @robertmooreitv writes for the evening standard.  https://t.co/4ud8itxyqz	0
"if all other species could agree one thing about humans, it would probably be ""ya'll are assholes."" "	8
seats in a bus where you are about 30 minutes a day are often more comfortable than chairs in a classroom in school where you have to stay about 6-9 hours a day. 	5
the only thing stopping us from getting into a head on collision is the line in the middle of the road and the trust that oncoming traffic wont cross it. 	8
statistically speaking, the must have been at least one person telling the truth about falling on an object and getting it stuck up their butt 	8
the quickest and most effective way to lose weight fast is to take a dump, 	7
the phrase “good talk” is almost never said sincerely. 	7
everyone is full of shit literally and figuratively, but some more than others. 	7
it would probably be easier to steal something from a blind person than a baby. 	8
if you have alexa at home, you will be assured that at least someone listens and obeys you. 	8
next-gen humans will probably think that their 48.79gb/s download speed is slow as f*ck 	1
there are more elvis references and songs than actual hawaiian music in lilo and stich 	3
stars are actually holes poked in the container so we can breathe 	4
china's economy grows 18.3% in post-covid comeback https://t.co/xxnrjgukoz	0
people often mistake common sense with being “educated.” someone could have a prestigious degree and still be a dumbass. 	3
"some expressions, such as ""sounding like a broken record,"" far outlive the real life events that created them. "	3
an apple an year makes your money disappear 	7
italy pm conte faces crucial senate vote to stay in power https://t.co/mre0rzdqfm	0
a cozy place is more cozy when there's harsh weather outside. 	1
there is a lot of unfortunate hair styles in power at the moment 	6
people of the future will look at today’s fashion the way we look at 80s fashion shoulder pads will never die, though	7
a man who never tells the truth can never tell someone that he always lies. 	4
it seems as boys historically began to wear their pants lower, girls started wearing their pants higher. 	5
it’s ironic that switzerland makes an army knife. 	1
former minneapolis officer derek chauvin convicted of murder and manslaughter charges in the death of george floyd.   floyd’s death stirred worldwide protests against racism after video showed chauvin pinning floyd to the ground with his knee on his neck.  https://t.co/gq1mrcmfhz	0
most kids were probably told “white lies” which they assumed to be facts for majority of their lives. 	1
there are more explosions in one day on july 4th every year than there probably were in the entire revolutionary war. 	7
mourning the sisters killed as they taught handicrafts  https://t.co/ajxm1iqyod	0
africa's data gap: measuring the cost of not counting the dead https://t.co/1ysamzbikx	0
people order a baked potato but they end up mashing it anyway. 	5
watching a nature show is peak top of the food chain behavior. eating a cheese stick while watching lower animals on the food chain fight to eat each other. 	8
being lucky is right on the verge of being unlucky. 	1
indians are never referred to as “asian” even though they technically are since india is a part of asia 	1
people caught sleeptalking/sleepwalking in the middle ages were probably thought to be possessed. 	3
the internet is collectively the biggest fictional and non-fictional crossover humanity has ever achieved. 	4
every instant we are in a different spatial position in the universe 	3
the goverment in monsters inc. could have lied about children being toxic so that monsters would stop eating them while intoducing a new energy source for a more sapient social structure. sry if my english is bad	4
when mike wasowski sits on a toilet, his mouth is level with the seat 	3
there actually might be afterlife but the dead never contact us because our current existence is completely meaningless in comparison 	8
it's really weird to see your password uncensored 	1
thursday night feels like an honorary weekend day. 	4
we are seeing the closest stars to our sun as they were in early 2015. interstellar light emitted during the first of paris terror attack just started to reach us.	1
weathermen must be absolutely amazing at small talk 	7
the larger a mountain is, the more likely we are to walk up it than drive up it 	1
republicans are divided over whether to join a democratic push to revive earmarks, the much-maligned practice where lawmakers direct federal spending to a specific project or institution back home. https://t.co/445a0lsfop	0
it must be pretty weird for an actor to watch themself die repeatedly on screen. 	8
we when are young we look to the future, and when we are old we look to the past. so by the intermediate value theorem there must be some point in our lives where we feel perfectly content. a little calculus to brighten up your day	1
when the ice caps melt, we'll need to find a new place to tell kids where santa lives. 	1
if the moon passes over your head, you have been living under a rock. 	2
masturbating to porn and singing along to a song are the same as you are attempting to join in on the action 	2
people that are allergic to flower dust are literally allergic to flower sperm. 	4
thoughts you had while you were in a tub are unwelcome! 	2
covid: texas and mississippi lifting restrictions too soon? https://t.co/auoic3ozsm	0
farting is the universal joke, spoken in every language, understood by all, never gets old, can be told at any age, and is the funniest joke that can be told silently 	1
casting melted metal down an ant colony is one of the most savage things humans do 	8
it's peculiar that bees never get irritated by their own buzzing. 	1
your nose has taste buds for gasses, like how your tongue has taste buds for solid and liquids. 	0
someone out there had gay parents that got divorced and remarried. leaving them with four moms or four dads. 	2
giving your phone number to a girl is somehow similar to giving your cv to your futur employer wish me luck xd also future takes an e, i'm french	2
we love the feeling of feeling good far more than we love the things we feel good about. 	3
a lot of scientific studies conclude that humans are the problem. 	6
murphy's law is the universe ordering you to hold its beer when you think things couldn't get any worse. 	2
key moments from joe biden's first news conference https://t.co/nykhv3uxcd	0
at one point all of the matter ever in existence was the size of a pinhead. you have atoms in you that at one point could have been right next to an atom that makes up a star in a solar system millions of lightyears away. truly incredible. 	0
what people see on the videos, it's what the kids are having for dinner. meet the sydney father-of-six who is charming the internet with meal tips https://t.co/zscn8w3ibh https://t.co/0q9mtgwgiw	0
be yourself is really bad advice for a spy 	7
some people need glasses to increase their render distance. 	4
a lot of people find enjoyment out of watching a bunch of pixels change colour. 	4
st. louis circuit attorney kim gardner says she is investigating conditions at a jail that was the site of a massive disturbance over the weekend. advocates for inmates say deficiencies at the city justice center include a lack of adequate covid protocols. https://t.co/skl5uscovn	0
being an english speaker when you travel must be both awesome and awful, because everyone understands what you say but everyone understands what you say. 	2
ramen noodles are the lunch version of instant oatmeal. 	4
the main difference between being getting your hair washed and being waterboarded is the direction you're facing. 	8
every single job on this planet is replaced by brand new people within 70 years 	3
some people find it socially acceptable to spank up to a certain age, then not acceptable because they are too old, then acceptable again when they are 18 and up. 	2
there's probably a foot fetish fanatic that happens to own a luck rabbit's foot or a horse shoe. 	2
we'll soon see gamers passing away of old age before being able to play the next installment of their favorite game franchise. 	7
the powerball jackpot will grow to an estimated $730 million after there were no winners for the lottery's top prize. the results come as there was also no winner of the mega millions jackpot. that top prize is now estimated at $850 million.  https://t.co/pkkzdqlkdy	0
an anxiety attack feels like windows task manager has stopped responding in your brain 	3
it really is a miracle how school playground rhymes and songs spread across the country before the internet. 	3
if you think about it, your scalp is a skin cell graveyard. 	4
when you receive something you ordered online with a credit card, it's like a gift from your past self that was paid for by your future self. 	3
most people don't have crushes on actors and actresses, they fall for the characters they play. 	3
coronavirus: how india is readying for its massive vaccine drive https://t.co/bqd89xw6gz	0
when people die they get to the afterlife and are told to go back to earth as ghosts and secretly collect one of every type of sock before they can access the higher dimension. 	4
if you pee and drink water at the same time, you become a pump 	4
uk foreign secretary dominic raab calls on the leaders of myanmar's military coup to release aung san suu kyi https://t.co/fwhknbaain	0
zeus was probably the biggest chad in all of history. 	4
cash feels like a bad gift to give, but it feels great to receive. 	1
depending on how cold it is your refrigerator could be used to warm things up. 	1
the world revolves around you, built for your pleasure and torture. when you die the whole thing will shut off. 	7
it's possible that every person who has ever died had a little voice telling them something was wrong that day, but we'll never know. 	4
germany tightens borders amid alarm over third wave of covid pandemic https://t.co/zw5rjbkei9	0
in the future, personal trainers will have their consciousness moved into their clients body and then do the workout for them. 	4
snowshoeing is literally walking on water. 	4
when you make a regular amount of money, people might say you make a living. when you make a ton of money, people might say you make a killing 	1
every generation has a generation that blames their generation. 	5
you know you are starting to get fat when you can't use the scale when it's against a wall. 	2
"virus update:  • israel's dilemma: can the unvaccinated return to workplaces?; • russian entrepreneurs adapt to virus lockdown challenges; • good friday and virus lockdown empty manila’s streets. https://t.co/i9avorfctb"	0
“take 10” is a good thing to hear in any job except filmmaking 	5
you know a teacher is good when students from past years come back to visit. 	1
a woman entered indonesia's national police headquarters and pointed a gun at several officers before being shot dead by police. it was the latest in a series of militant attacks in the world’s most populous muslim nation. https://t.co/8u5az24ckr	0
it feels abnormally weird seeing your password written in plain text. 	1
if not for his death in 1973, all chuck norris jokes may well have been bruce lee jokes today. 	3
crazy how emotions can rule your life. sadness/ depression can kill you. happiness/love can cure you. anger can change your life forever. courage can do the same. we just don't really have the awareness of what's truly happening, and it can change our whole life. acting on impulse. emotions are just wild.	1
all these true crime podcasts and documenteries are making better and better murdurers. 	3
garbage collectors must be so relieved to come home to relative cleanliness after a long days work. 	2
the powerpuff girls are always doing the no thumbs challenge 	4
mario and luigi were literally hopped up on shrooms 	4
you know a show is getting serous when the a and b plots converge. 	3
swinging clubs and hitting balls sounds very primitive unless you know what golf is. 	4
when we see piles of rocks in nature they look natural but for all we know somebody put them in exactly those positions deliberately 	4
the pinky toe is pretty strong for how many times you hit it. 	2
shaving a beard is the male version of not wearing makeup. 	4
generations of jews have given to the jewish national fund. the israeli group is now considering formally expanding its activities into the occupied west bank. that has sparked fierce opposition from left-leaning jewish groups in the u.s.  by @josephkrauss https://t.co/ccbvtv01lt	0
everyone can force push or force choke. it just only works from point blank range. 	2
if you invited friends over and microwaved hot dogs for dinner, they would think you're a cheapskate. but grill them instead, and they think they've attended a great cookout. 	5
you have dozens of obscure favourite things that you don't consciously acknowledge, like your favourite teeth to floss between. 	2
when a dog humps your leg, it's bestiality and sexual assault 	6
george floyd's brother tearfully described how george used to make him dive for the football during practice and would make banana mayonnaise sandwiches. philonise floyd was testifying at the murder trial of former minneapolis police officer derek chauvin. https://t.co/gan3uyjj7u	0
hideki matsuyama becomes first japanese man to win a major golf championship https://t.co/e7lnjsmwap	0
there are 2 movies about sentient toys coming out next weekend and they couldn't be more different 	1
taylor swift has released hundreds of songs about men leaving her but not done any songs about giving blowjobs.... it must be connected. 	7
if done correctly, jaywalking is a victimless crime 	1
"refereeing to absolute contrast with skin tone as ""black"" & ""white"" when we're all different shades of brown seems unnecessary. "	6
people who live alone often don't speak a word until they arrive at work for the day. 	2
the night sky isn't black. it's transparent. 	0
after the electric chair was invented, all other chairs became acoustic. 	4
replying “no comment” on a post or to a question is a comment technically 	5
italy landslide pushes hundreds of coffins into the sea https://t.co/tn1vqhkedi	0
at some point in time society decided it was normal to drink cow juice 	1
if you think about it, pop tarts are kinda like breakfast mre's for civilians 	4
ghost hunting shows show that if ghosts exist, the most they can do is scare you. proving that the only thing to fear is fear itself. 	7
you get the most tired right before you’re about to get busy 	3
vampires will never be able to see their own face. 	4
you need a perfect kda to survive a war. 	0
humans have gotten so detached from nature that we get excited when we see completely domesticated cows standing in confined areas by the side of man-made roads, and exclaim as much to everyone in our cars 	8
pissarro transatlantic struggle for painting stolen by nazis from holocaust survivor https://t.co/vj736psmct	0
funny that people remove price tags on gifts but are comfortable giving gift cards with the value emblazoned on them. 	5
garbage bags are garbage containers for garbage containers. 	5
now acquitted in a second senate impeachment trial, donald trump is expected to seek to reassert his political power. but since he's banned from twitter, the former president lacks his former bullhorn. and he faces a gop divided over his legacy. https://t.co/b5fws707ew	0
dreams and nightmares give better vr experiences than vr machines 	5
marbles aren’t made of marble, they’re made from glass. 	5
everyone has at least one food that they love to eat but if they have too much of it they end up hating it. 	2
new zealand: pilot whales refloated at stranding spot https://t.co/9rlcpmf6md	0
somewhere out there is a girl bill gates awkwardly asked out in high school, that laughed in his face. 	1
you know you’re at a good vietnamese restaurant when you shoes slightly stick to the floor as you walk 	2
"despite the root of the word, ""humans"" are actually the most ""inhumane"" creatures out there. "	6
you will most likely die with a 0:1 k:d ratio 	2
being nominated for a makeover is actually an insult 	5
double dipping isn't gross if you dip the part of the chip that you didn't bite into instead of the part that you did bite into. 	1
senegal protests: teenager killed in clashes after ousmane sonko's arrest https://t.co/jxvqdwdjx3	0
facebook has announced preliminary agreements with three australian publishers, a day after the parliament passed a law that would make the digital giants pay for news. https://t.co/g2aqaiptwy	0
"the same person who criticizes you for your cup not overflowing; is the same person who put the hole on the bottom, that’s the system. "	1
how can computers freeze when it is overheated 	5
"president biden says the conviction of former minneapolis police officer derek chauvin in the death of george floyd ""can be a giant step forward"" for the nation in combating systemic racism."	0
chain chomp is pacman but black and chained 	6
when you tell someone your age and they respond with “really?!”, you’re never quite sure if they’re complimenting your youthful appearance/personality or criticizing the extent of your achievements at this point in your life. 	6
the word inhumane describes things that only a human could do. 	5
the people who only work on weekends depend on people who only work on weekday's money. vice versa. 	5
someone probably still has you as a contact on an obsolete chat platform, and checks sometimes if you've been online, even though you haven't for years. 	2
the entire postal system is a huge exercise in public trust. 	3
we are aliens to fish if you think about it we are doing the exakt same thing to fish in the seas as we are affraid that aliens will do to us.	4
there is a doggo somewhere that's wondering why you keep throwing his favourite ball away. 	2
if you remove key terms in articles, magazines and books, they become poetry. 	1
millions of human hours have been wasted getting the usb connector the wrong way round first time. 	6
"the statement ""he's single ladies!"" has likely never led to making anyone unsingle. "	5
if you take improv classes your improv isn’t technically improv because you prepared for it beforehand 	5
dreams are so weird. your brain creates an entire miniature play with bizarre scenarios and people that you actually know and then acts it out for you - without ever letting you in on the fact that it’s fake. 	4
the difference between a garden and a graveyard is only what you choose to put in the ground c/ rudy francisco	4
we fear darkness, but we appreciate silence 	5
if reality is, in fact, a simulation, it might have really bad graphics, and we just don't realize it. 	4
if we are dumb because of phones and violent because of video games, games on our phone are making dumb murderers 	1
what’s the point of the popcorn button on a microwave if every bag says don’t use popcorn button 	5
tvs in adverts can only look as good as the tv you watch them on. 	5
feeling your heartbeat and not being able to explain it must have been weird back when no one knew what it was. 	1
acting is the art of pretending to not be pretending. 	4
if you were 'made of money' you'd be even less likely to spend it. it's not like people chop off bits of themselves to pay for things 	4
seems like humans are gonna colonize other planets with robots and with other people, to let earth rot away and be used as an “example of what not to do” display. 	4
we eat marshmallows to get out the urge to eat sponges. 	4
at least two members of an afghan militia open fire on their fellow militiamen in the western herat province, killing 12, in what provincial police describe as an insider attack. https://t.co/nsrmcumr0a	0
buying a fictitious novel is paying someone to lie to you. 	7
we are never in the present. we will never be in the same moment twice time is simply a perception of multiple moments. by that thought technically we are already dead. 	2
plot twist: more shopping carts are becoming digital because real ones get stolen all the time 	4
just the little ability to associate particular throat vibrations with ideas allowed one small species to dominate an entire fucking planet. 	4
most people in china are an “only child” 	0
there must be millions of dollars worth of engagement rings thrown into oceans and rivers and millions of hours spent regretting not selling them. 	2
when walking with shoes on, pavement is usually smoother than the grass, but when walking barefoot, the grass is usually smoother than the pavement 	5
there is a possibility that every show, invention, game etc. that we made weren't made up or imagned, but us having visions into other worlds/universes where that stuff actually did happen. 	4
convincing adults there is a heaven is similarily as effective as convincing children there's a santa claus (to get them to 'behave well'). the only issue is that one group eventually grows out of it. 	5
every 5 minutes thousands of people simultaneously wake up, look at their phone, groan, and then finally hit the snooze. 	2
brushing your teeth for extra time the night before your appointment is the adult version of cramming for a test last minute. 	4
it's completely fine to accept a random person's request on social media but it's not acceptable to give contact number away immediately. apparently it's okay to let a random stranger stalk your pictures and past post/tweets	6
israel minister accuses iran-linked tanker over oil spill  https://t.co/yhzux1fknh	0
if deadpool was female and pregnant, considering that a fetus is treated by the body as an organ, when she gives birth, the umbilical chord will repair and regrow and potentially imitating the 9mo old fetus resulting into unlimited pregnancies. the baby too will grow itself mother a via u. chord. 	4
forgeting is both a strength and a weakness. 	1
"everyone talks about how they used to be ""gifted"" as a child, but are failures now. there's no way that we were all gifted children, so it's most likely that our teachers lied to us to give us a larger sense of pride that we can briefly enjoy before being crushed by the harsh reality of adulthood. "	8
we can make self driving cars, genetically modified plants to survive droughts, and yet we still can't quite get stickers to not leave the sticky goop behind. 	7
if adam and eve would have been chinese, we would still be in paradise. because they would have eaten the snake instead of the apple. 	6
the reason garfield hates mondays is because he gets used to arbuckle being home with him over the weekend. 	1
every time you're buying medicine, you're technically making a drug deal. 	4
head transplantation is actually a body transplantation. 	4
if there wasn't public defecation laws, everyone would have a lot more fun 	8
the reason why dogs are nice to us is cause we've been killing the ones who weren't for thousands years. 	8
the only thing worse than having a job is not having a job. 	2
if terraforming is the deliberate act of altering the atmosphere, temperature, surface topography or ecology of a planet to be habitable for earth creatures, then the human race is currently de-terraforming the earth itself through pollution. 	0
google changing their logo is probably why some people don't trust the internet 	2
insisting there’s only one correct skin tone for a mermaid is like insisting there’s only one correct fur color for a unicorn. 	4
when before a vowel, we often pronounce “the” as “thee”, and before a consonant, we pronounce “thuh”. 	0
england 6-11 scotland: finn russell orchestrates first scottish win at twickenham since 1983 https://t.co/e5vjwujnny	0
a lot of war heroes would have been considered killers at any other point in time. 	6
at 7 years old warts seemed like a way bigger problem than they ended up being. 	7
we pay more for a knife if it has less metal on its edge 	1
you tube can be a pretty substantial source of knowledge which shows humanity under a great light...until you hit the trending button. 	2
marriage is a evolution in your relationship that you need a special stone to unlock 	4
the vicious beating of a nyc woman is just the latest in an onslaught of assaults on asian americans, the elderly in particular. it's ordeals like this that keep driving volunteer patrol groups, who see their parents and grandparents in victims' faces. https://t.co/rn1rwfkvpn	0
if pokémon were real, shinies would most likely be black market material. 	4
if you die while taking a shit, that shit took you instead. 	4
copy and paste must count as one of the most useful inventions. 	1
donald trump supporter arrested after suspected 'data theft' from nancy pelosi's office during us capitol riots https://t.co/uy7kcswelk	0
"people suck at countdowns. they yell ""3"" at 3.9, ""2"" at 2.9, and ""1"" at 1.9. then we bear an awkward near-2-seconds of silence from 1.99 to 0.00 until it's actually over. it'd be more accurate to yell: - ""3"" at 2.9 seconds - ""2"" at 1.9 seconds - ""1"" at 0.9 seconds - cheer at the true 0.0 seconds, when the buzzer sounds"	1
trees are so hardcore. they sprout into life without any choice in the matter. give space for animals/insects of all kinds to take shelter. give oxygen to all living things. and some even depend on their worst enemy (fire) to give life to their seeds, in order for them to become trees. 	2
male colleagues in the trucking industry are brother truckers. 	2
to the people around him, the flash’s power is being really fast, but to him, his power is making things around him slow down. 	5
if you have an identical twin and they get married, their spouse would probably find you attractive by default. 	1
little red riding hood is probably the reason at least 1 person discovered vore 	1
a car dealership with an empty lot is either doing great, or doing terrible. 	1
efforts to put harriet tubman on the $20 bill have resumed, the white house says. the treasury department under president obama selected the 19th century abolitionist leader to replace andrew jackson, but the effort stalled during the trump administration. https://t.co/bdqohmawlg	0
when apple makes their super thin laptops, they're actually not getting rid of the bulk, just transferring it somewhere else in the form of adapters and dongles 	5
the western states are closer to the far east than eastern states 	5
it’s not weird when someone stares into your eyes to check your eye colour, but it is when they are speaking casually 	2
ap analysis: the capitol siege awakened many americans to the existence of a domestic terror threat in the u.s., but it's not new. @aaronlmorrison writes that it's part of a war of white aggression that started with slavery and never ended. https://t.co/zjxjnbg5tl	0
writing on paper is also defacing countless tree corpses 	6
if an earthworm travels to another planet it is no longer an earthworm. 	4
“the dead without names and without their own graves.” many covid-19 victims were secretly buried in a field in a city in peru. authorities approved the burials but never told the families. families told @ap that at least 403 people were buried there. https://t.co/wd6km8fykq	0
being driven places used to be seen as a sign of wealth. now everyone can do it for 30$. 	2
the portion of your battery that takes the longest to charge (>80%) is the quickest to deplete 	2
since time doesn't move at the speed of light due to the laws of relativity, light is a new born baby 	4
it's normal to write manually with the color blue, but weird to type texts in the pc with it. 	2
your balls think that you're gonna have thousands (or even millions) of children 	1
ivory coast's ex-president gbagbo free to go home after icc acquittal https://t.co/zaopbx9k4u	0
"songs stopped doing the ""the song never ends, it just gets lower and lower in volume"" "	0
underwear is piss and shit shields for your pants. not full shit and piss loads but piss drops after peeing and shit particles from farts.	8
premature ejaculation is a dishonorable discharge 	4
anal can be done in the a-hole or the b-hole. 	1
you know you fucked up when the bottle of vodka in the fridge is a near frozen slushy 	2
when elephants and rhinos go extinct it'll only be a matter of time before conspiracy theories pop up that they never existed in the first place. 	6
if one single microorganism, millions upon millions of years ago, failed to survive for whatever reason, the evolution of humans might never have happened, or might have been delayed for millions of years more. freaky	0
the most powerful country in the world is also one of the youngest. 	5
rachel really had a terrible taste in men considering she fell in love with batman and two-face 	7
republicans seeking to delay start of former president donald trump's impeachment to give him time to prepare defence https://t.co/8axznc22d8	0
both genders can have sex with a pringles can - but neither can do it well. 	7
if dragons were real instead of dinosaurs it would make absolutely no difference to how the world is now 	4
a u.s. navy statue of a badger has been on display in wisconsin's capitol for more than 30 years. now the navy wants it back, but state historians aren't letting the beloved bronze mascot go without a fight. https://t.co/0ciqhqkl7l	0
when someone 30+ is very relaxed in a professional environment it's perceived as confidence, but when a younger person does the same it's perceived as them not taking their job seriously. 	5
no one would care about mosquito bites if they didn't cause itchiness. 	7
if humans were to shed their skin the way some animals and insects do, some moms out there might keep their child’s first “shedding” and either put it on display or keep it locked away like some do with their child’s first tooth, lock of hair, etc. 	4
if you think about it, neurology is brain's meditation, where the brain takes time to investigate it's inner self. 	4
you may have played or teamed up with a guy in a video game and would never know if you saw him irl 	2
the reason dad bonds with the family doggo he didn't want is because he's the one that ends up having to take care of it. 	2
"considering how someones looks (clothes, hair style etc) are greatly influenced by their personality, ""don't judge a book by its cover"" is irrelevant for people. "	2
people tend to relate more to supervillains than superheroes... in any movie, anime, cartoon, video game etc, people tend to feel more of a connection with the villain's feelings and experiences than the superheroe's.  but are more likely to voice their connection to the hero due to moral conditioning.	6
world-famous cellist yo-yo ma's impromptu covid vaccine centre concert 🎻 https://t.co/w09gwletlm	0
is a quesadilla just a racially profiled grilled cheese? 	4
technically we're all time travelers, we all just travel at the same speed 	4
a dark and stormy night can be responsible for scaring or creating children. 	7
people say different amounts of “chuggas” before the choo choo comes how many do you say?	4
cristiano ronaldo investigated by italian police for allegedly taking covid-rule breaking trip to celebrate girlfriend's birthday https://t.co/fjmoe5po5w	0
water does has a taste even though it is referred to as having no taste. if blindfolded and given water, you would recognize it as water by its taste. 	1
billboard ads are businesses paying to distract drivers. 	6
saitama could probably fly around just by the power of his farts 	4
as a child, some of us may have envied wearing glasses thinking they're cool. the same people despise glasses after growing up. 	2
the color indigo is commonly alluded to in things like “roy g biv” and “the 7 colors of the rainbow”, but is rarely mentioned as a part of the basic color spectrum. 	0
"the phrase ""sick and tired"" is used more to described an emotional state than a physical one. "	3
if you are playing video games with your kid you can trash talk them by saying you f***ed their mom and you wouldn’t be wrong 	7
the two big events happening today are about saving the earth and saving the people from other earths. 	3
derek chauvin trial: firefighter 'distressed' by george floyd arrest   https://t.co/udt2sq9n7l	0
if you fold a paper 42 times, it would reach the moon. no really, google it. 	3
marjorie taylor greene in her own words https://t.co/bnxzp6jvyu	0
the superstition of vampires being unable to enter a house uninvited was probably created to justify not helping those who seek aid. 	4
"there is a bell curve when it comes to the likelihood of cutting your toe nails. it goes from ""they really need cut soon"", peaking at ""wow this is out of control,"" and finally sliding down with ""things have gone this far what does another day matter?"" "	7
rock, paper, scissors has an infinite growth paradox for paper big enough to trap a rock, you'd need bigger scissors to cut it. to cut these bigger scissors, you'd need a bigger rock to break them. to trap this bigger rock you'd need bigger paper and so on until the big bang reaches peak expansion, at which point the universe begins shrinking / collapsing in on itself along with the by-then omnipresent rock, paper and scissors.	4
"the phrase ""glacially slow"" may soon start to change its meaning. "	6
any amount of money is enough for you to be set for life, as long as you die soon enough. 	8
"nsfw warnings, ""disturbing content"" warnings, or any other attempts to prevent visiting a page/post work better as 'clickbait' techniques than turning people away. "	5
mike wazowski’s belly flop is also a face-plant 	5
time is not a constant. it goes quickly when you're asleep but slow as hell when lieing in bed awake. 	2
arizona republicans voted to censure cindy mccain and two other prominent party members who broke ranks with donald trump. many traditional conservatives fret that the censures will turn off swing voters who handed democrats recent victories in the state. https://t.co/x3vha9a4pg	0
sometimes those who can make many people happy are actually the most miserable 	5
if we populate another planet, those people will almost definitely evolve to be visibly different from people on earth. 	0
airbags perhaps saved tiger woods' life in a serious vehicle crash tuesday in suburban los angeles. the airbags in the golf superstar's suv went off and that “gave him a cushion to survive the crash,” the sheriff says. https://t.co/qyvgudbk3i	0
if you have a beer belly, it can still be considered as a six pack. 	5
attractive people look better the closer you get. ugly people look better the further you are. 	5
the most fragile word in the world is silence because saying it breaks it 	4
"inauguration poet amanda gorman says her ""life changed in six minutes"" https://t.co/pcz5aaqunw"	0
selling drugs in high school and college was just a paid internship if you went into pharmaceutical sales as an adult 	6
separatists set to boost majority in catalonia's regional parliament https://t.co/zg0eidss8o	0
virus update:  • u.s. states try to catch up on vaccines. • latino cities in rhode island, massachusetts have two fates on vaccines. • asia-pacific nations to get first vaccine shots. • ghana first to get u.n.-backed vaccines.  follow all @ap coverage: https://t.co/wimb02m7qd	0
pond fish are some of the most inbred creatures on earth i am troubled by it.	2
drinking water is the same as eating trillions of tiny things 	1
if everyone has an fbi agent does everybody also have a nigerian scammer. 	2
if the earth’s population is 100 times larger than in da vinci’s time, then there are at least 100 “da vinci’s”among us. 	4
virgin blood must be the gluten free version of vampire foods. 	4
changing a baby’s genetics in the womb is practically paid character customization 	4
coronavirus deaths in california have hit 30,000 and new infections are rising at a dizzying rate of more than a quarter-million a week. but there may be some light ahead. hospitalizations in the nation's most populous state finally are leveling off. https://t.co/y4iklpgtp4	0
as a kid, tv shows make you think getting invited to bar mitzvahs will be a very common thing in your teen years 	1
people always say time moves too fast but then complain when something takes too long 	5
vaping was originally meant to stop people from smoking, but now it's become its own thing 	5
if our body could generate a damage report each time we get sick or hurt, a lot of us would try to take care of ourselves much better. 	4
amusement parks are one of the only places where a bunch of teenagers are responsible for the lives of hundreds of people. 	7
humanity hasn't become more evil throughout time, but instead technology has allowed evil people to project their ideas 	5
british free climber held after scaling barcelona hotel  https://t.co/jqnaqgifif https://t.co/79b5jnb4bi	0
denmark suspends use of oxford-astrazeneca vaccine 'as a precaution' https://t.co/v5qiv1xfwp	0
aggressive drivers are annoying when you’re driving passively, whereas passive drivers are annoying when you’re driving aggressively 	5
the day the casino gets an uno table will be one scary day 	7
inside out and outside in are the same if we take their meaning literally. 	3
if the technology behind ironman was real, stark industries would have made their money selling a limited version of the suit to elderly people to prevent falls. 	4
if you take all the veins of your body and lay it one the floor to form a single line. you will die. 	8
wish people had a 30 seconds trailer so others could see what they are getting themselves into! 	2
getting old is when you realize you are no longer watching ads for kids about toys and junk food, and are now watching ads for car insurance and credit cards. 	2
facebook to pay for news corp content in australia https://t.co/gumxcft6m8	0
killing all humans will ensure no human ever dies again. 	5
the amount of metal used to make miniature versions of the eiffel tower to sell probably is more than the amount used for the tower itself... 	3
traveling west a couple time zones is like a minor superpower. you can wake up early without an alarm clock. 	3
all dog instagram profiles will seize activity in a few years due to dogs' lifespan. :( 	1
virginia lawmakers vote to abolish state's death penalty https://t.co/uyg1ephqn9	0
when we squint our vision looks like it gets narrower, instead of seeing the black of our eyelids close in 	0
since we have a continuous hole from mouth to butt, we are a donut. 	4
a hacker gained remote access to a florida city’s water treatment plant in an unsuccessful attempt to fill the water supply with a potentially harmful chemical. authorities say a supervisor saw the chemical being tampered with and was able to intervene. https://t.co/peadqq6poe	0
on the show ‘storage wars’, it must be tough if you’re watching them go through your old locker and hearing them say “what a bunch of crap.” 	2
britney spears scored a minor victory in court thursday as a documentary brings more attention to her legal fights with her father. #freebritney protesters chanted and held signs at the courthouse thursday, though both sides took part by phone and video. https://t.co/54wdfwbbqb	0
babies can instantly get to second base with women. 	1
"there's no reward for telling the truth so we lied. just got this thoughts from  reading ""**punishment for honesty is what makes us lie.""**  but i think this is correction"	6
unless animals can count, a mama duck wouldn’t know whether one of her ducklings is missing. 	3
you weren't picked last, you just weren't picked. you joined the second team by default. 	2
if you were born in 2000 you’re aging with the millennium. 	3
humans doing physical activities increases our lifespan, but machines doing physical activities decreases their lifespan. 	5
if edward scissorhands was a real person he would never be allowed to join his high school track team 	4
"bands like modest mouse and death cab were classified as ""college rock,"" in the late 90s. now they are ""mortgage and kids rock."" "	2
saying 'have a good day!' is considered polite, yet it implies you only care about their day today. saying 'have a good life' is considered rude, but actually implies you care about how they are going forward forever. 	5
the last thing the majority of people see and will see before dying is the inside of their eyelids 	8
no matter how good or bad you are at dancing, it will almost always look very awkward without music. 	3
as kids we were aware of the fact that there are oceans of hot lava underneath everyone of our steps. as adults, we rarely think about that anymore. 	2
few years ago you were wondering if a store also sell online, today you are wondering if an online store also sell offline. 	5
maybe the light at the end of the tunnel when you die is your mother’s vagina giving birth to you in your next life. 	4
the government dropped drunken driving and reckless driving charges against bruce springsteen from a november incident, admitting the rocker's blood-alcohol level was so low that it didn't warrant the charges. springsteen pleaded guilty to a lesser charge. https://t.co/lcrgvdbb9a	0
log jam in suez canal last month produced spike in ship pollution that was visible from space https://t.co/oyyqivopdv	0
the next generation of parents will understand why online games can't be paused, ending an era of lots of discussions because of that. 	2
before gas ovens, bakers not only had to be good at baking, but building fires and keeping them at a certain temperature as well. 	1
penguins have nothing to wear to casual parties. 	4
true denial is when you won’t even admit it within the safety of your own mind 	3
you can't tell if a blank piece of paper is on the wrong side or upsidedown before you write something on it. 	1
mirrors and cameras could be lying to you, and you'd never know. (sneaky little shmuks)	7
kids today have no idea how much they are missing out since lunchboxes no longer include a cool matching thermos. 	2
if you are at the very south pole the sun rises and sets in the north. 	0
there's something oddly poetic about jaguars hunting capybaras. big cats hunting big mice.	3
humans are the hardest parasite to get rid of 	8
most spiders are more good than bad but people will keep killing them 	2
myanmar protesters march in defiance of gatherings ban https://t.co/hmeosib78y	0
most people have not eaten flavorless ice cream 	1
goro from mortal kombat would make a great drummer. 	1
controversial social media app parler back online after more than month without service https://t.co/nwrvpnavjq	0
we talk to dogs and cats like they can talk back, but we find it weird to talk to objects that also can’t talk back. 	5
oxygen that we inhale is the reason for formation of the free radicals that in turn cause ageing and death. it's just a necessary evil. 	7
"the phase ""why didn't you do it?"" sounds fine, but ""why did not you do it?"" sounds awkward. *phrase"	5
we typically think as bright as hot, and dark as cold. but if your burn something it blackens, and if you freeze something it lightens. we have had it backwards all along 	3
salisbury poisoning agents 'linked to czech blast' https://t.co/blywqnqjxt	0
in the future if humans ever settle on the moon, the original apollo 11 landing site would probably be conserved for tourism conserved exactly as it was, footprints and all. it would definitely be a sight to see.	4
we are all just brains in meat suits. and also, skeletons	4
if this is the truman show hats off to all you actors 	3
the pain scales with the little faces at hospitals are backwards if you're a masochist. 	8
a lot of people have never experienced the fun of playing with snow 	1
a treehouse is a tree carrying a dead tree with its branches... 	5
astronauts probably think more about being on earth than we do about being in space 	2
growing up is realizing the principal doesn't actually run the entire school. 	3
dogs are brave, imagine running down the stairs from their perspective. legit had this thought in the shower	4
a meteorologist is probably the only job where you can get paid to be wrong 50% of the time 	7
we think that the cheapest coffee tastes like crap, meanwhile the most expensive coffee comes from crap. 	5
people named karen, must despise the internet at this point. 	3
things that taste like nothing all taste alike. 	4
sometime in the past, we reached a point where we started using so many acronyms that we aren't sure if someone made a typo or used a new acronym. 	4
there's probably a few people out there that, after seeing you once, think you're insane. 	7
there has probably been a woman born with three nipples who had triplets and was finally able to use her once useless nipple 	4
when alone in public, it's creepy to stare into space for a long time, but it's also creepy to close your eyes for a long time. 	1
the more grammatically correct you make your sentences, the more serious you sound. 	5
there are two types of grandmas. you have the sweet ol’ grandma who bakes cookies and plays candy crush and then you have the baby boomer grandmas that attack millennials and gen z’s for no reason. 	2
here are some key takeaways from the second day of trump's impeachment trial  https://t.co/bxqykj1yrl	0
the number of babies being named alexa and karen are probably declining 	3
the lgbt flag is actually made of straight lines it's just a showerthought, i love you all people !	5
someday they will teach about the september 20th massacre in history classes 	0
u.s. sen. rob portman says he won’t seek reelection, citing a political climate he says has made it “harder to break through the partisan gridlock.” portman, of ohio, is among the republican lawmakers who often backed president trump. https://t.co/zrqydlzknc	0
clowns went from a joke to creepy and then right back to a joke 	1
gaming is a great way to meet people without putting on pants. everything is optional... cept bad internet.	7
there are probably john lennons out there who never met their paul mccartney and are running a produce department at kroger 	7
philanthropist is a meaningless title reserved for the people who can afford to give financially without actually making any sincere sacrifices. the world’s greatest ‘givers’ are anonymous. 	6
dogs probably think that we're the good boys. 	2
the more frequently you use a ceiling fan, the less frequently you have to clean the ceiling fan. 	5
never have you seen someone in a film plug in the usb stick the wrong way when hacking a computer 	2
ap-norc poll finds about 1 in 5 americans say they lost a relative or close friend to the coronavirus, highlighting the division between heartache and hope as the country itches to get back to normal a year into the pandemic. https://t.co/me6s7u7hxz	0
in a world where everyone's nice it takes a cunt to stand out. 	7
the idea behind this subreditt might have been concieved in the shower 	2
we have kneecaps to protect our knees but we don’t have elbow caps to protect our elbows. 	4
if reincarnation is real, then empathy is a sign of an old soul. 	4
the intelligence of animals is measured by how much they are willing to follow human commands 	5
by definition unborn babies are parasites 	2
hair becomes gross as soon as it leaves our body 	4
suez canal: wedged container ship 'could soon be refloated' https://t.co/iifgmdqi5d	0
there is a rat or snake somewhere that is crawling through some undiscovered ruins that knows more about them than all of humanity. 	4
if drunk people survive accidents more often by being overly relaxed, the act of puckering your butthole before crashing could be a leading cause of serious injury. 	4
well-seasoned people often have salt and pepper hair 	1
jordan's prince hamzah bin hussein 'under house arrest' https://t.co/pfn05pakb7	0
keanu reeve's pr team (if he has one) must have the easiest job on the world. 	1
the poll finds 40% say they disapprove and just 24% approve of biden’s handling of the border situation. biden’s ratings on immigration in general also fall short of his overall approval rating. https://t.co/6mgmqnhe7w	0
sleeping with a pikachu wouldn't be nearly as weird as sleeping with a machoke 	1
tense first contact negotiations with an agressive alien race that could end with the destruction of the planet could be happening at any moment and we probably wouldn't know it. 	4
if you grew up poor in the 90s you're probably more of an 80s kid 	7
a deaf person with a hearing aid has the option to mute the world 	2
social media platforms will soon be flooded with tool lyric quotes. 	1
what was it like growing up under military rule in myanmar?   https://t.co/vbyhlnenlb	0
never thought much of cows but the way they can handle the sun beating down on them all day is really quite impressive. 	2
most of us can type without looking but if we had to recite the order of a keyboard from memory, we would need to think about where our fingers go in order to do this. 	1
you don’t realize how natural it is to breathe through your nose until your nose is clogged and you have to breathe with your mouth. 	1
"the phrase ""x doesn't grow on trees"" refers to rarity, but if we keep cutting down trees at the same rate, it will need to be changed to ""x grows on trees"" as trees get rarer "	3
someone in the toy story universe has made porn of woody’s roundup 	2
"the ""other 3 people"" in a group assignment are probably confused while hearing the group assignment stories online. "	2
the inauguration of kamala harris as vice president will mark an expansion of what’s possible in u.s. politics. harris will be the first woman vp in u.s. history, as well as the first black woman and first indian american in the role. #inauguration https://t.co/quoevgrtmm	0
"saying ""you're a big girl"" and ""you're a big woman"" garner drastically different reactions "	1
“the wizard” in the wizard if oz was an early portrayal of how people would act on the internet in current times. 	4
the closest we can get to knowing what nothing looks like is if you try to focus on the area outside of your field of view, you don’t see black there your vision just ends. 	2
we are all born champions because we won that sperm race 	1
china's vice minister of foreign affairs tells @ap that u.s. policy on beijing is “too negative,” saying it highlights confrontation over cooperation. he said that cooperation could be important as the biden administration focuses on covid and the economy. https://t.co/6zrbsxidav	0
the chances of you dying on your birthday is significantly higher than the chances of you winning the lottery. 	0
texas weather: are frozen wind turbines to blame for power cuts? https://t.co/siqrnqo3kn	0
you can take a dump anywhere in the world with just a vr headset and google earth. 	1
capitol riots: fbi warnings amid fears of more pro-trump violence https://t.co/pfkzpfu1xs	0
protests continue in minnesota over daunte wright death  https://t.co/zyc291egel	0
covid infection in lagos 'may top africa's official total' https://t.co/ipjjp2smbk	0
we live in a society where lemon juice is made with artificial lemons, while dish washing liquids are made with real lemons 	5
we're not upset that the game is rigged, we're upset that it's not rigged in our favour 	5
people living in same household as adults with weakened immune systems should be offered covid vaccine, uk's vaccine committee says  https://t.co/in31n2i9yc	0
before we understood electricity, people must have shit themselves every time they received a static shock 	2
people having intercourse during the cali earthquake must have had a wild ride. 	1
people will wait in line before something opens to avoid waiting in line after it opens. 	5
watching a four-hour movie feels way too longer than binging on an eight-hour long series. 	2
the catholic church doesn’t sound like a small business. but a special exception the u.s. church helped lobby into the program’s rules made its thousands of parishes, schools and other affiliated entities eligible. https://t.co/z7gedd5lj3	0
if the entire human race focused on a single problem at once, we could easily solve it 	1
“we can no longer delay, or do the bare minimum to address climate change”  us president joe biden says the issue is a “global existential crisis… and we’ll all suffer the consequences if we fail”   https://t.co/ayyugxuyjj https://t.co/z7toxo5tdn	0
there is a big chance that someone is doing exactly what you are doing at any moment. 	1
we want our kids to live better lives than us yet, most of us think of our kids' concerns as unimportant, we don't show enthusiasm about learning new things and we come home from work exhausted and complaining about our day 	5
if spider-man wants to walk the streets unnoticed, he just has to go as peter parker. if tom holland wants to walk the streets unnoticed, he just has to go as spider-man. 	5
waiting for a package the day it's going to arrive is more exciting than actually having it the next day 	5
spiders could be very friendly if they were not able to disappear in the blink of an eye. 	1
any day you could be wearing the shirt that you will die in 	8
if the stars really do control our destiny and strip away our free will, black holes that swallow them are technically liberators 	4
"the most unrealistic part of ""home alone"" is how kevin was able to clean up the entire house so perfectly before his mom got home "	2
if we are living in a simulation made for the entertainment of higher beings, there might be a ton of pop culture references and cameos that we missed. personally, i'd put my money on the wild adventures of florida man.	4
the only reason pisa tower is a succes is its failure. 	5
the colors that warn us of poisonous animals in nature, make us hungry when painted on restaurant and kitchen walls. 	5
if the great old ones view us the way we view insects, the majority of them find us inexplicably terrifying. some would even be deathly allergic to us (which would explain how a few norwegian sailors managed to comatize great cthulhu with a yacht).	4
over weight gym teachers are the epitome of ‘those who cannot do, teach’ 	7
if the earth was the only thing orbiting the sun, we'd have discovered until much later that the earth actually orbits the sun and not vice versa it's much easier to figure it out if there are more things orbiting the sun	1
the fishermen in finding nemo, who lost their haul to all the fish swimming down, must have been scared shitless about the 'sea monster' that caught the net and broke their hauling system after snapping the line. 	2
making a horse wear a horse leather saddle is like making a human wear human skin shirts 	3
alaska is the most northerly, westerly and easterly state. 	1
man defends paying $2.9m for 'mona lisa' of tweets https://t.co/tfiaxwpj58	0
the kardashians are more related to a plastic bottle of water than a human. 	7
trains with advertisements are logo-motives 	3
advertising companies use their own ad boards to advertise for companies to use their ad boards to advertise 	5
there's probably a lot of people that look like you, but weight, hairstyles, and other factors make the resemblence hard to see. 	1
we only see how the universe was millions of years ago, and not the way the universe is now. the universe might already be cold, dead, and starless. our sun might be one of the last stars. we wouldn't know. 	1
people probably lose ‘the game’ most often while in the shower 	1
our mainstream adoption of acronyms in common language will confuse a great many future archeologists and historians. 	4
'roaring kitty' gamestop investor hit with lawsuit https://t.co/vnbunqtz0o	0
some actors actually won oscars by crying to get what they wanted. 	3
the 30 minutes from 6.00 to 6.30 feels longer than the 30 minutes from 5.50 to 6.20 	1
the connotation of the word gangster has changed a lot in the last 100 years 	3
virus update:  • as states expand vaccines, prisoners still lack access. • european nations scramble to tamp down surge. • vaccine skepticism more widespread among white evangelicals. • haiti still does not have a vaccine.  follow all @ap coverage: https://t.co/4uror0lmgq	0
if humans were created without skin, we’d still find people attractive and ugly. 	4
if everybody spoke as well as the people who apologize for their english then all existing arguments would taper to an end. 	4
if jeff bezos gave money to people to buy whatever they want most of it would probably end up back in his pockets 	2
there’s a good chance you’re a decedent of a cold blooded murderer. 	8
someone who specializes in delivery could either bring food and items to people's homes, or remove livers from animals for a living. 	3
earbuds are better at tying knots than most people 	4
if superman was real he could clean up the earth overnight. use his speed/ strength to collect all waste on land and sea and fling it into the sun as well as refreezing the ice caps 	1
newfoundland was new found land then named newfoundland on new found land. 	5
a graphic novel for children from the “captain underpants” series is being pulled from libraries and book stores after its publisher said it “perpetuates passive racism.” author dav pilkey agreed, saying the book is “harmful to my asian readers.” https://t.co/finw4edw1u	0
"a person with a high iq could begin any sentence with ""as a wise man once said"" because they are wise, and have just said it. "	2
every person alive beat out 7 billion sperm in a race to the egg 	0
the amazon rainforest is currently the single largest producer of both o2 and co2. 	0
going to the toilet in the last half an hour of work is like dribbling the ball into the corner in injury time 	4
patrick star is spongebob's dumbest friend, still patrick managed to build working phones, tv's and even gaming consoles made of pure dirt and sand 	5
it's a fun coincidence that the bi-frost is a rainbow. 	2
sephora has unveiled a plan to combat racial bias at its stores. the move follows a study commissioned by the global beauty retailer that showed 2 in 5 u.s. retail shoppers have experienced unfair treatment on the basis of their race or skin tone. https://t.co/us8oxknhhs	0
glass bottles wouldn’t break as often if they were plastic. 	1
spongebob is the wrong type of sponge and squidward is an octopus 	7
if snakes had fur and legs they’d be actually cute. 	4
rhinos are extremely close to being fat unicorns 	4
today’s school system is based off of a factory system, making it completely outdated. 	1
pornhub is the most popular porn site because, other than it being free, it is always in dark mode, and thus easier on your eyes. 	2
ice is water in hardmode and the northpole is the final level. 	4
“please, wipe my eyes! wipe my eyes, please!” a police officer using pepper spray against a handcuffed 9-year-old black girl in rochester, new york, shows that that young children are not exempt from law enforcement mistreatment of black people. https://t.co/9kivjfsbqf	0
11:11 wishes can be 100% real but all it takes is one person to wish for no ones wishes to come true 	4
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has landed in moscow, where he faces the threat of arrest. president vladimir putin’s most prominent foe spent five months in germany recovering from poisoning by a nerve agent, which he blames on the kremlin.   https://t.co/nt2otk93dn	0
it’s entirely possible for a long line of cars at a red light to accelerate simultaneously once it turns green. 	1
sparkling water is if tv static was a drink 	4
kids in movies are always tardy. the bell ring *and then* they say they have to get to class. 	3
your age hits the hardest when you make a reference that everyone in the room usually gets but doesn't. 	2
"saying ""hey guys"" to a group of women is normal. saying ""hay ladies"" to a group of women is creepy. "	5
a completely sane person is a lot more likely to seek out a therapist than an extremely mentally ill person 	5
corn is a stopwatch for the human digestive system. 	4
we only get one day a year to legally stand outside a stranger's home in a bloody costume and knife and be handed treats with a smile. 	6
some people let their dogs walk free and have their kids on leashes 	5
if you stay inside all day you’re considered a outsider of society, if you’re out doing things in society you’re considered a insider. sorry if this is worded funny i couldn’t think of a better way to write it on mobile.	5
giraffes have long necks and short tails, alligators have short necks and long tails 	5
people who don’t clean up after their dogs really need to get their shit together. 	5
"canada regrets ""misunderstanding"" over wu-tang clan t-shirt https://t.co/dpnvvfu3ut"	0
there is no single invention that has simultaneously helped a person improve their life and is so universally hated at the same time as the alarm clock. 	5
crown resorts: australian casino firm 'not suitable' for sydney gaming licence https://t.co/dwqrtysljd	0
octopi are sentient and intelligent extraterrestrials placed intentionally on earth 	4
thai pm sprays sanitiser on reporters  https://t.co/nlydzfghbo https://t.co/ufo2v8gdoh	0
being good is nice, but sometimes being bad makes everything easier and faster. 	5
many great ideas have probably been dismissed since a child camr up with it and an adult just dismissed it as a child fantasy or something along those lines. 	2
male birds have cloacas, which is used for both mating and waste dumping. male birds literally have dickbutts. 	2
lightning can spread light throughout the sky suddenly but darkness can’t spread across the sky suddenly. 	5
a catfight and a dogfight are both real things, entirely different from each other, and unrelated to the animal they're named for. 	2
vampires have a higher chance of getting std's due to their food source being blood. 	4
cinderella must have been written by a man. running in two heels is hard enough, running in one is impossible. she would never have left it behind 	7
it is socially acceptable for animals to be naked in public. 	1
if a person from the middle ages travelled to the present and took a stroll through one of our pharmacies, the vast array of colorful medication bottles would probably have them convinced that we had all descended from witches. 	4
after all of these years, even though there are only twelve of them, a lot of us still struggle with how many days each month has. 	2
short people problems usually end up becoming tall people problems. 	2
chicago has extended remote learning for tens of thousands of public school students after city, school and teachers’ union officials were once again unable to reach an agreement over covid-19 safety protocols. https://t.co/3hdlwmhrjx	0
sarah thomas just swam 130 miles over 50 hrs without sleep. her and other ultra endurance athletes just prove that the human species is closer to insect-like that we want to believe. adaptable, strong and enduring. 	4
being able to message someone 24/7 and always be in contact is probably the reason relationships are harder to keep nowadays 	2
we have computers that can calculate trillion things at once but we still can’t use italics in text messages. seriously guys, we should have figured it out by now. i can send an animated version of myself talking in real time but i *can’t do this*?	1
one person telling someone else they are “over-exaggerating” is the definition of exaggeration. 	5
carlos menem, a former argentine president who delivered short-lived economic stability in the 1990s even as he navigated scandal, has died at age 90. https://t.co/f5zneh0uoq	0
wreck it ralph is a modern age toy story 	3
donating a kidney makes you a hero but apparently donating 5 gets you arrested 	7
waterfalls are the complete opposite of fireflies 	3
it isn't the decisions you make which save you from an unusual form of instant death at any point in time. it's the habits that you've cultivated. 	7
most parents who think that their child is a bad lier probably only think that because they think that they caught them every time that they lied. 	2
if herbivores have horizontal pupils (to see predators) and carnivores have vertical pupils (to focus on prey) then it makes sense that we have circular pupils: we are omnivores who do both of the above. 	3
a heart attack is your heart doing a break dance that your body just can't handle. 	4
the spell in harry potter that makes you vomit slugs creates life 	4
if humans communicated as much as plants, we too could live harmoniously 	6
here’s what to watch today as the u.s. readies for an inauguration like no other amid a worsening pandemic and just two weeks after an armed insurrection at the u.s. capitol. #inauguration https://t.co/8msse2l8dn	0
"the question ""what do you want to be when you grow up"" would only have became common in the last few hundred years. "	2
the music on the oldies radio station is probably better than the pop station in the 80s because the only stuff that lasted was what people liked. 	2
every time we send an object outside of earth’s orbit, we steal material from our planet. 	4
a horse with a horn is way more believable that a camel with a 10 foot long neck 	4
everything and anything can kill you if used properly. 	7
brown trees get bleached to make white paper, only for people's butts to turn them brown all over again. 	5
keanu reeves is the most wholesome mass killer we've seen in a long time. 	1
for all we know there is a subspecies of chameleon which does blend in with its environment. 	1
thousands of new animal species in the deep oceans can come to exist and go extinct every year without us ever knowing it. 	3
lobsters are biologically immortal, so you could pass one down as a living family heirloom for generations 	4
money is a battery which stores human energy. 	4
fresh made ramen is one of the most healthy things you can eat. instant ramen is one of the least healthy things you can eat. 	5
you’ve probably been on camera far more times than you know of 	2
if we all agree to keep using a word, then anything could be added to the oxford dictionary. 	2
a password that’s 8 characters long is snow white and the seven dwarfs 	3
google is threatening to make its search engine unavailable in australia if the government proceeds with plans to make tech giants pay for news content. https://t.co/mexwarsfn9	0
former nfl player kellen winslow ii has been sentenced to 14 years in prison for multiple rapes and other sexual offenses against five women in southern california, including one who was homeless when he attacked her in 2018. https://t.co/wrmvnc1ckt	0
soon the only amazon that will be left will be amazon.com 	6
the chances of meeting someone with the same fingerprint as yours is four and a half times greater than the chance of winning the powerball lottery 	3
super villains always try to change things and super heros are the ones trying to prevent change. 	5
if you’re morally opposed to killing animals, but not to killing humans, there is something wrong with you. 	6
cleopatra's lifetime was closer to the moon landing than the construction of the great pyramid of giza 	0
any question that can be answered by “probably” can also be answered by “probably not” 	5
at least 1 of the 7 billion people on earth have said the same thing as you at the exact same time at least once no matter the language. 	1
with a hurricane coming, today people are still house hunting in florida. 	5
depression steals people. depression steals souls. 	8
"if the phrase ""there are plenty of fish in the sea"" was applied today it wouldn't fit due to the fishing industry depleting the ocean of its fish population. "	6
dogs must think a human sneeze is our version of a dog's bark 	4
shrek in reverse is about shrek returning the princess back to the tower and him living alone the rest of his life at his swamp. 	4
in 300 years some kid is going to accidently masturbate to his great-great-great grandmother 	6
when you're in a bad mood, every bump on a road feels like a personal attack. 	1
when someone with a full backpack falls over, they’re essentially a human turtle. 	4
the pandemic has exacerbated america’s addiction crisis, killing more in a year than ever before. on the frontlines in west virginia, this team is trying to claw back the damage done. “you just have to focus on the living.” https://t.co/hmdwmhfcin	0
german is often described as a hard language, yet english with a german accent sounds goofy and a bit stereotypically gay. 	2
the mother of ahmaud arbery has filed a civil lawsuit on the anniversary of his death that accuses three men charged with chasing and shooting him with violating his civil rights. https://t.co/vypyq0kis0	0
in the event that the universe truly is infinite, somewhere out there is a rock on a planet shaped exactly like your face 	3
dinosaur-killing asteroid strike gave rise to amazon rainforest https://t.co/iqljls58uc	0
president joe biden plans to nominate gun control advocate david chipman as director of the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, sources tell ap. chipman is a retired atf agent and an adviser at giffords, which advocates stronger gun laws. https://t.co/asnkirvcr6	0
we know more about the details of historical events today than the common people did when the historical events actually happened. 	1
the advertisements of insurance companies show a situation where the company is losing money. 	5
the fastest way to get an answer online is not to ask your question but to state an incorrect answer. 	5
anyone who is actually hoity-toity would never use the term hoity-toity. 	5
the deadly job of protecting dr congo's virunga national park https://t.co/5u9blfqvvh	0
millenials don't have short attention spans, as we watch lots of slow-paced tv. we just have short attention spans for things we expect to be short- videos and gifs, for example. this idea that millenials have no attention span is ridiculous. i will happily sit and watch an hour's episode of game of thrones etc. however, if i go online and start watching a gif, i will be used to quite a short average length, and so if it's longer than usual, it's natural to be surprised and to drift.  it's not about attention span, it's about expectation.	1
volcano erupts near iceland's capital reykjavik 🌋  https://t.co/ipedcrbn0v https://t.co/qdqwl5dhcx	0
cybercriminals shifted away from stealing individual consumers' information in 2020 to focus on bigger, more profitable attacks on businesses, a report finds. ransomware and phishing attacks are now the preferred form of data theft. https://t.co/iaxwb323kd	0
2019 and you still have to sign a piece of paper every time you use your credit card... 	2
the longer the vibration on your cellphone, the more it stresses you out 	5
the reason shop assistants ask if you need any help is probably because of introverts who are too afraid to ask for help, but they only end up freaking introverts out even more by doing so. 	5
you can get away with bragging as long as you insult yourself in the same sentence. 	7
protesters against last month’s military seizure of power in myanmar have returned to the streets to press their demands for a return to democracy, just a day after security forces shot dead more than 100 of their countrymen. https://t.co/zgvju9o9vw	0
in jurassic park, the first thing they do to try and fix the problem is turn it off and on again. 	1
women’s reproductive system is a 3d printer for humans 	4
people affected by that fish that swims up their dick holes are temporarily aquariums 	4
when kids play with walkie-talkies, they turn into runnie-yellies. 	3
never laugh at your partner's choices. you are one of them 	6
teenagers and tech savvy young adults are worried about protecting their privacy, but grandparents would gladly brag about your deepest and darkest secrets to strangers. 	5
recording silence and playing it at full blast to quiet down a room 	5
super wealthy people must have a different experience watching movies like hunger games. 	7
it's socially acceptable to stick little electronic gadgets in our ears that allow us to avoid social interaction. 	3
“oil her up” is most certainly a common phrase both in the car mechanic industry and the adult film industry. 	7
a murderer might have killed someone who could have saved the planet earth from total extinction. 	2
everybody thought the world would end in 2012 because an ancient civilization's calendar said so, yet today, nobody is really making a big deal that by 2050, a ton of shit is gonna hit the fan. 	5
the u.s. is opening more distance between itself and much of the rest of the world in the race against the coronavirus. the u.s. has administered almost 200 million vaccine doses as other countries struggle with stubbornly high infection rates and deaths. https://t.co/p0anvudo5p	0
just like automobiles, luggage has evolved from two wheel to four wheel drive 	3
online searches for covid symptoms have shown some significant spikes in the country  https://t.co/vwddpmfxty	0
wonder if neil young ever thinks about how he is now the old man. 	1
human immortality will most likely not be achieved through medicine or genetics but through replicating the mind in a computer 	3
as a kid, saturday's at the supermarket meant free pizza samples and though they were the same pizza, that little square tasted better there then at home that night. 	1
liberty university is suing former leader jerry falwell jr. for millions in damages. it says falwell failed to disclose an alleged extortion attempt by a man who had a yearslong sexual relationship with falwell’s wife.  https://t.co/kztluhbjtn	0
the world's tallest person could literally be any team's biggest fan 	3
in ten years time deepfake technology could make some pretty hilarious movie remixes. 	4
chicken is the only food we eat before they live and after they live don’t know if someone already said this but i thought if this shit	5
bank robbers surely have terrible nightmares where a robbery goes really wrong 	7
may be the 10 yr challenge was started by the founders of the faceapp to train their model. 	4
coronavirus: eu leaders to discuss boosting vaccine supplies https://t.co/4dyucfqdih	0
from a seat on the inaugural platform, the @ap witnessed a ceremony like no other. (3/8)  https://t.co/ndzhzksbvf	0
marlboro created a business out of killing people. 	6
pirates using a black flag is way more popular than pirates using a red flag, because only the people who saw the black flag lived to tell the tale 	3
kids today will never know the struggle of having to use a pen or a pencil to rewind music. 	2
unaddressed mental illness plus drugs are the brick-and-mortar cementing a permanent zombie class. 	4
a gay black dude had the biggest country hit of the year so far. pretty neat	1
driving alone in the car with no music playing is oddly disturbing. i can't do it!	2
covid-19 vaccines for alderney and sark https://t.co/3u5oexufpt	0
when we put our headphones on loud our head is in a soundwich. 	4
not enough people are talking about the fact that 2019 is the 50 year anniversary of the moon landing. 	0
a cold toilet seat is a shock at home, but in public it's a relief. 	5
if humans were domestic pets, our masters would probably breed the genetically abnormal (little people, gigantism) more than the genetically normal, like we do to dogs. 	4
socks are chainmail for the foot, and shoes are the armor 	4
a significant portion of your life is in private 	1
more americans are choosing to have their terminally ill loved ones die at home rather than in nursing homes or hospice during the pandemic. families are trying to avoid the terrifying scenario of saying farewell behind glass or over a video call. https://t.co/1r0af4hc38	0
karens could possibly be used as biological weapons. 	7
more people have probably sat through superhero movie credits than the rest of movie credits combined 	1
pretty soon we’ll be buying cars where the steering wheel is optional. 	3
statically speaking marriage is the leading cause of divorce 	5
there is a special level of hell reserved for olive garden waiters that deliberately give out breadsticks in odd numbers to couples. 	1
the funny thing about birthday's is that they make you seem like you've aged an entire year in one day 	4
if you use a flashlight to spell a phrase in morse, it travels by speed of light but it would still be faster to just shout it. 	3
a person you passed on a street might have been the person you have been playing video games with through the night. 	1
an alarm clock that gives away spoilers to your favorite tv shows the longer you sleep. 	3
lemony snicket was a play on jiminy cricket 	1
30 or so years ago people had cable but not internet, to save money. today people have internet but cut cable to save money. 	5
if you sit on your voodoo doll you will never get up 	4
we don't give enough credit to our ancestors for the invention of shelter. 	1
hydrogen, given sufficient time, turns into people. 	4
michelangelo’s mom probably walked in on him while he was carving david’s penis. 	2
the upside of the phrase -snitches get stitches- is that even the snitches get access to quality health care. 	7
there's a chance you have useless superpowers but you'll never know it, like talking to plants or the ability to control the francium which is the most rare atom in the universe 	1
etika will never get to react to the other 2 smash bros dlc fighters 	1
it's a cruel fate that our taste buds didn't evolve to recognize healthy things by them tasting better. 	5
earth has been broadcasting a constant video stream of our planet’s entire 4.5 billion year history to the rest of the universe in the form of reflected light, but we can’t watch it 	4
if you think your job is frustrating, imagine being an irs auditor with an indian accent. 	7
who let the dogs out is a song about ugly girls at a nightclub. 	7
if somebody got a dollar for ever person that didn’t find them attractive, people would eventually find that person attractive. 	5
demi lovato 'had three strokes and a heart attack' after 2018 overdose https://t.co/8zlpsvs8to	0
you probably just synchronized blinks with millions of people. 	4
glasses on a child makes them look younger but glasses on an elder makes them look older. 	5
the next generation of senior citizens will be the fastest texting yet. 	3
the baby from the original ice age is probably seen as some kind of powerful shaman in his tribe since a sloth and a mammoth personally delivered him to his father. 	4
if a one floor house is a bungalow, a regular house is a bungahigh 	3
defense officials tell ap they fear possible inside attack at inauguration and are having national guard troops in dc vetted. https://t.co/8cmrpw8dlk	0
any random comment on the internet can be someone's last word 	8
everybody’s room smells different to you but you have no idea how yours smells 	2
one can tell a lot about a society from the average strength of their bike locks. 	6
silent and deadly is reserved for ninjas, snakes and farts. 	3
the fact that small penises still exist indicates that people with small penises can still get sex. 	1
the first slice of bread is always eaten last 	1
in sandbox survival games, copper is seen as just a common starting metal that'll just clog up your inventory in the later game. but in real life, it's one of the most versatile metals and is used pretty much everywhere. 	5
school bullying is child abuse commited by children 	6
when you say you have nothing to lose, you have already lost 	3
there are billions of people in the world that you will never be able to talk to 	1
fondling around your phone on your bed the entire day is considered lazy. but lying down on your bed the entire day without moving at all is considered depressed. 	5
if you think about it, every post is in hot you just need to scroll down a lot 	1
the daughters of dubai's ruler sheikh mohammed have tried, and failed, to escape the ruling family over the years  #missingprincess   https://t.co/shxwmhlvyi	0
maturity is the degree to which you've replaced external rules created by others with internal rules to guide your behavior. 	3
the us launched airstrikes in syria targeting facilities used by iranian-backed militia groups. the strikes were in retaliation for an attack against us forces in iraq. https://t.co/fpmir3lua5	0
with jeff bezos stepping aside this summer as ceo, his successor, andy jassy, will inherit the many challenges borne from amazon's meteoric growth. here's a look at some of them. https://t.co/7bfxbplrkv	0
when we use the toilet we owe the person who potty trained us a small thanks. thanks mom.	2
in order to be a fly, you need to be very well trained at flying. like when you try swatting an upside-down fly and it just avoids it, does a flip and continues flying crazy fast 	4
it's 2019, we landed on the moon decades ago, yet nobody found a remedy to make hiccups go away 	4
that meaningless piece of garbage you just threw away may become the centerpiece of an ancient history museum years into the future. 	3
red is portrayed as the color of power while being the weakest on visible light spectrum 	5
one day earth will be gone and humans will see what it was like through vr/ar. 	4
the term “ we’ve done the unthinkable” is impossible because if it’s unthinkable, then u can’t think of it. 	5
the chances of you being born are so astronomically low it might as well be impossible but we live like we're not special or anything the right man had to fuck the right woman throughout thousands of generations just so ***you*** could be born.	3
in the future, self driving electric vehicles are going to be able to evacuate a city at high speed and without traffic in case of an emergency. even faster if vehicles become networked with each other.	4
spending money on gas is literally burning money. 	3
the guy who discovered milk would've been considered a super weirdo. 	7
zombies that lack a sense of humour could be referred to as ‘dead serious’. 	3
on the eve of marking 50 years of independence this month, bangladesh has been hailed as a success story for a young nation born out of strife and turbulence. https://t.co/mif7wzuyyu	0
fresh air 'key to safer classrooms' https://t.co/6fd6ccju0n	0
being 1st seems to be the biggest accomplishment but being 2nd many times lives longer. 	2
the @ap collaborated with the atlantic council’s digital forensic research lab (@dfrlab) on a 9-month project to identify those who spread misinformation about the origins of the coronavirus.   here’s what we found.  https://t.co/ueazd6zjvg	0
you never realize how much energy/momentum you're carrying when you're casually walking until you walk into a wall face first in the dark. 	3
when photography was first invented a lot of portrait painters probably felt pretty shitty about it. 	2
early back to school ads are to children what early christmas ads are to adults 	4
pretty pretty is less pretty than pretty 	4
the person who found out that ostriches can drink boiling water was probably very cruel 	6
the fbi watches what we surf on the internet, with 300,000 people wanting to storm area 51, they have plenty of time to move everything to a different complex. whoever set this up needs to send out mass emails and change the date to a sooner one, or all 300k of you will die for nothing =[ good luck bois	7
time might be a great healer but it is no beautician 	4
it’s so great that we’ve all agreed on a universal number system 	2
there’s a fine line between being patient and wasting time. 	7
people with thick skin will survive this era. 	1
as prosthetic technology advances in the future, the paralympics will have more impressive records than the actual olympics themselves. 	4
the deadliest bullet in history was probably the one fired by garvilo princip to kill franz ferdinand 	1
all y’all people have had short people problems but short people will never experience y’all people problems i meant tall	4
haiti is bracing for widespread protests as opposition leaders demand that president jovenel moïse step down next month as an increasingly tired and angry population worries he is amassing too much power as he enters his second year of rule by decree. https://t.co/rkahflrkw6	0
if people didn’t search through new there wouldn’t be any featured or top posts 	3
spongebob is a sponge in bikini bottom. he is technically a tampon 	4
there's no point in putting up with the negative things in life and yet it seems to sometimes be a requirement for the better things in life 	2
armin laschet wins backing of the german cdu party to run as centre-right candidate to succeed angela merkel https://t.co/h8ewwiccnd	0
spider man could probably start a gofundme so he could stop having financial troubles and focus on fighting crime 	1
taiwan is supposed to be one of the rainiest places in the world. so why is it suffering from drought?  https://t.co/d18agnn91a	0
at least 13 people killed in a twin suicide bombing in iraq's capital, baghdad https://t.co/g71ri2jymz	0
the amazon rainforest's biggest city has watched as its stock of oxygen tanks for covid-19 patients dwindled. the situation has turned desperate, and more than 200 patients will be airlifted to hospitals in other brazilian states.  https://t.co/3pkqar9czk	0
it might be a miniscule amount, but we all experience some sort of physical pain every single day. 	2
headaches are a lot worse than stomachaches considering you can’t just shit a headache out. 	4
drinking alcohol is taking the fun away from tomorrow 	4
a lot of people waste their time feeling nostalgic about the past without realizing that they will one day be nostalgic about the time they’re currently in 	5
congratulations! your free trial of life has ended since you moved out of your parent's house. 	7
dinosaurs turned into oil. we turned oil into plastic. we turned plastic into plastic dinosaurs. 	5
the more common an action is done, the more extreme it is objectively, but the more normal it looks subjectively. 	5
everyone always asks where is nemo but never how is nemo. 	2
we have 4 months and 14 days left of the 2010s. 	0
you can be the most positive person in the world, if a lot of people take a disliking to you you'll probably never get a chance to make the world a better place 	2
life is an exam, many people try to copy each other, but everyone has a different test 	3
india and china to pull back troops from part of their disputed himalayan border  https://t.co/m5q7i0wgpf	0
having time feel faster when you’re having fun and slower when you’re bored is kind of an asshole design. 	3
failure is having to change your entire sentence because spell check couldn’t even guess what you were trying to spell. 	4
despite all the talk of us being the only country without the metric system, almost all airline loyalty programs use ... miles ... not kilometers 	1
since older english is rather tricky for us to understand but was common back in the day, then in the future, people will need to decipher rihanna's lyrics. 	7
on hgtvs beach hunters, the clients always say you can’t put a price on that view, while they’re literally standing in a house for sale with a price of that view. 	5
who is amanda gorman, biden's inauguration poet? https://t.co/rzhoxfu9w4	0
roger mudd, a longtime political correspondent for nbc and cbs, has died at age 93. mudd frequently substituted for walter cronkite on the “cbs evening news,” co-hosted nbc's “meet the press” and spent five years with pbs’s “macneil/lehrer newshour.” https://t.co/1xxnw0iwjw	0
security systems on a consumer level won’t actually stop someone from robbing your house 	1
workers at a northeast georgia poultry plant said they escaped amid a liquid nitrogen leak that killed six coworkers when a freezer line burst. an investigation is continuing into the leak, which also left three workers in critical condition. https://t.co/hk1abtqhtv	0
taking off your phone case makes your phone feel more new than actual buying a new phone case 	2
if you cooked and ate snoop dog you would probably get high from all the thc stored in his fat cells. 	4
one of the most upsetting human experiences is sneezing in the middle eating something. you experience that split second of terror right before you sneeze where you realize you are either going to a) spew chunks of half chewed food onto anything in front of you, or b) force your mouth closed and eject food mush through your sinuses and nose. thanks, body...	3
the fact that madonna is in the rock and roll hall of fame but jethro tull is not must be a glitch in the rock music matrix. 	4
all previously unsaid sentences are original ideas. 	3
steve jobs is seen as a hero these days, but in 100 years he could be seen as evil. if phone technology grows and evolves, it will maybe create more misery eventually leading to a depressed era. maybe i’m just too high	4
jack ma, china’s highest-profile entrepreneur, has appeared in a short video posted online, ending a 2 1/2-month disappearance from public view that prompted speculation about the billionaire's status and his e-commerce empire’s future. https://t.co/1vzyqsv4zu	0
following the logic of flat-earthers, then mars, jupiter, sun and every other planet and satellite are flat too. 	4
it would suck to be the guy taking a shit when a bus crashes. 	2
humans are the only species on the planet that pay to live on the planet 	3
"when someone asks you ""what do you do for a living"", they're calculating how much respect they gotta give you "	6
uk exports to eu rebound partially after january's slump https://t.co/mmeve0wrm6	0
our pets might appreciate watching us grow up as much as we do watching them grow up 	4
when you sit on a bench, you're sitting on hundreds of conversations and great stories. 	4
how it's made was oddly satisfying before it was cool 	2
somewhere in the world a fat man left work early today because he split his pants 	2
people struggle to drink 8 glasses of water a day yet they can down 8 beers like its nothing 	5
if you are under the age of 18, you will probably die surrounded by people you currently don’t know 	8
your nail beds are really slow keratin printers. 	4
the further you go into loneliness, the harder it is to spark friendships and conversations. 	2
if there are infinite parallel universes or realities, you are almost certainly dying at this exact moment in at least one. hopefully not this one though. 	3
breaking: oil giant saudi aramco says profits sharply drop to $49 billion amid coronavirus pandemic. https://t.co/hwlfcxgynt	0
crickets chirping at night are a peaceful, relaxing ambient sound. a single cricket just outside your window can induce psychosis. 	5
out there, there’s probably fanfiction about ed, ed, eddy having a threesome. 	2
you have never seen your sneeze face in person 	3
mr.krabs adopted pearl because whales eat planktons.. 	4
we're about to enter a new decade, and yet internet explorer is coming along for the ride. 	4
the evolution of intelligent life has allowed the universe to become conscious of itself. 	4
"having a headache is the body's version of a popup saying ""an unspecified error has occurred"" notes for human v2.0:  add more detailed error reporting"	4
the first time adrian went to rocky's apartment in the first rocky movie, could have resulted sexual abuse charges in modern times. 	6
young people compete with stories of their physical prowess. old people compete with stories of how injured or disabled they are. 	5
no one in the modern world has seen ghosts probably because if they exist they have seen enough movies, video games, videos, etc. to know they aren’t very welcomed. 	4
last week's u.s. capitol insurrection complicates what was already going to be a difficult task for president-elect joe biden: how to balance a desire to unify a bitterly divided nation with demands for accountability for those responsible for the riot. https://t.co/3nj5sefge5	0
every youtuber you watch now is going to eventually make a goodbye video or just stop uploading entirely... 	1
we were all born nameless and will end up nameless eventually the universe and history will eventually forget your name, becoming a selfless and nameless little clump of matter	3
as much as 95% of all dreams we have are quickly forgotten after waking up. déjà vu might be a moment we have actually experienced before, in a dream. perhaps we cannot actively recall the specifics, but our minds are somehow predicting future events. 	4
if the concept of smash bros was put into reality, it would honestly be terrifying 	3
imagination was given man to compensate for what he is not, and a sense of humor to console him for what he is. 	4
you likely pronounce wednesday while reading and wednesday while writing differently 	2
at some point in the future, humans will find it amusing that once going to space was a profession 	4
police and former associates of the man accused of opening fire at a colorado supermarket describe the suspect as sometimes prone to rage or delusions. but a motive behind the shooting that killed 10 people, including a police officer, remains unknown. https://t.co/bthusmfdqn	0
the second-oldest spanish church in the americas is reopening after nearly two decades of reconstruction. many in puerto rico thought the effort would fail. restorers uncovered centuries-old murals in the church, which dates to at least 1532. https://t.co/mxhx2aolgo	0
maybe there aren't as many bigfoot and ufo sightings any more because people are looking down at their phones. 	4
we pay a whole lot for something new and way less if it's old, but if it's really old, we'll pay even more for it. 	5
everybody else could just be robots made to help or destroy you life and we will never know 	4
it really feels like you are a professional getaway driver each time you shave a minute off your gps estimated arrival time. 	4
rat life expectancy is 1-2 years. remy has been dead for over a decade. 	8
in shows, when people adjust mirrors like they are looking at themselves, they’re actually adjusting it so they can see the camera. 	3
"in real life conversations, getting to have the last word is good. in texting tho, having your message ""read"" by everyone and left unanswered is often a bad thing "	5
tinder has very bad reputation on all social media but still is in high trend, proving no publicity is bad publicity. 	4
???, ..., and !!! all have unique sounds in our heads, but have no actual sound. 	3
gloves have individual sections for fingers but socks don't 	3
republic of ireland to lose 15% of fishing quota due to the uk/eu brexit trade deal https://t.co/yevtoiycd0	0
the console war has and will go on longer than most actual wars. 	4
no matter what you do, there will always be a layer of unmatched, unused socks at the bottom of your drawer. 	4
just lay low and cool it. dr. anthony fauci suggests fans enjoy the super bowl on sunday with people in their household and avoid inviting people over to watch because of the possibility they’re infected with the coronavirus.   https://t.co/sdlneatvup	0
"at some point ""ofc"" went from meaning ""of fkn course"" to just ""of course"" and we all just went with it "	1
there's a chance that groot shits fruit. 	4
nothing turns a person back into a caveman quicker than an uncracked pistachio. 	7
an achievement for collecting every achievement in a game is a paradox. 	5
“we don’t book any appointments until we know we’ve got the supply.” .@ap gets exclusive access to a day of vaccinations at miami's largest hospital, offering a look at the hour-to-hour efforts that fuel the largest inoculation campaign in u.s. history.  https://t.co/stbafkfrmj	0
"pretentious food is unbelievable flavor in shitty portions; for music, it’s the other way round. "	4
china blocks un condemnation of myanmar coup https://t.co/wnbhuhvusr	0
take pictures of your friends as you never know when you will take their last one 	8
a crisis over the supply of medical oxygen for coronavirus patients has struck in africa and latin america. warnings went unheeded there at the start of the pandemic and doctors say shortages of oxygen have led to unnecessary deaths. https://t.co/dgqvmsavqv	0
people always use the phrase, “one step at a time,” yet when we’re on actual steps, each of our feet go up two steps at a time. 	5
jimminy cricket. jim cricket. jim grasshopper. jim hopper. 	4
if schrödinger had a thought experiment about a wet fart (instead of a cat in a box), more people would get the concept of quantum mechanics. 	7
you're not ugly, light just reflects off you in an unpleasant way 	7
halloween basically turns the world into one giant cosplay convention. 	4
plastic surgeons are the true bodybuilders 	4
there is a pretty good percentage of our grandfathers that have killed at least one person. (because war)	1
nothing feels safer than being under a blanket. 	2
every day this week you can write the date forward or backwards no problemo. today? 91119. 	1
breaking: yoshiro mori says he is resigning as president of the tokyo olympic organizing committee after sexist remarks. https://t.co/4mdra5ntbg	0
it’s very likely that you are that random person in someone’s vacation photos 	2
mass arrests in moscow as court considers navalny jail term https://t.co/zmgqe2fgn6	0
people usually think tea with 2 teaspoons of sugar is quite sweet yet they’ll drink something with 20 teaspoons of sugar and have no issues 	5
the way you scream/shout in pain depends on your native language. 	2
if you're very good at making inferences, yard sales are a visual autobiography of the person selling the items. 	2
2019 seems like the year everybody found out there’s a switch on your ceiling fan for winter vs summer use. 	7
the biden administration is demanding that military authorities in myanmar stop their crackdown on protesters and release detained demonstrators and journalists. the us is stepping up its pressure after police killed as many as 38 people on wednesday. https://t.co/oeqyaromxb	0
myanmar celebrity model paing takhon arrested amid coup crackdown https://t.co/aba9anvalz	0
military coup in myanmar likely to damage country's economy https://t.co/rt25h4pek1	0
former top-ranking turkish army officers jailed for life in mass trial over failed july 2016 coup https://t.co/gwsyxdzu2y	0
"the word ""daddy"" has been so sexualized as of late, that in future generations, children will probably be calling their father something else because they won't be comfortable with their kids calling them ""daddy"" "	6
flies keep getting faster because we're killing off all the slow ones 	6
people who design patterns for toilet paper are wasting their talent 	3
when outside with your friends or family it is almost impossible to feel the first small drop of rain and not make a public declaration about it. 	7
cats and dogs are more comforting to people than actual people. 	5
in modern times, being treated like a dog is actually more preferable than how humans treat each other. 	5
blue raspberry is the only artificial flavor that is 100% accurate. 	2
if harry potter was gay he would come out of the closet under the stairs 	4
people who say not to fear change have never tried to wipe with their off hand. 	3
countless blameless women have been needlessly and unfairly insulted by the expression 'son of a bitch'. 	6
the invention of the car probably increased the lifespan of horses 	3
eu says astrazeneca must 'catch up' on vaccine deliveries https://t.co/0lbilh99jz	0
the order of the alphabet has absolutely no significance. 	1
prince philip was born into the greek royal family but spent almost all of his life as a pillar of the british one. he was married for more than 73 years and was still carrying out royal engagements into his late 90s. here are some key events in his life. https://t.co/p0crsbjrnm	0
you know you're tired when every position in your bed is comfortable 	2
when looking at our planet out of the window of the space station, you're looking both down at the earth, and up at the earth at the same time. 	3
somehow in movies it is more explicit to see a woman wearing a bra than it is to see a guy completely topless. 	6
handsome but awkward people have a charisma stat of 12, but their social skills have a modifier of -14. 	4
jerking off looses you weight in more than one way 	2
you've probably never brushed your teeth with your non-dominant hand. 	1
harry potter is that kid that spams a single move in a fighting game but still beats everyone. he only really uses expelliarmus. he’s literally a spammer.	4
we live in a world where a moment is ruined because we didn't get a photo of it. 	2
if you think about it, there is a high chance, that, considering differences in size, shape, colors and patterns of the clothes, the set of clothes that is on your clothes dryer, has never been seen before. 	3
being gen x is weird. we went from being the mall rats media hated to being forgotten. 	2
if humans were nocturnal all horror films would take place during the day. 	4
fbi warn of trump supporters' plans to hold armed protests before joe biden's inauguration  https://t.co/dog8nhkmcb	0
that inevitable boring episode of your favorite sitcom that consists in the characters remembering the show's highlights until now is probably gone from the genre's living form forever. 	2
if humans had wings, they would probably be clipped at birth. 	4
it's kind of pointless for the power rangers to have individual zords since they usually jump straight to forming the megazord. 	4
brexit leaves spain's costa brits facing dilemmas https://t.co/xwi8obzcz7	0
watergate mastermind g gordon liddy dies aged 90 https://t.co/zwvombzvpd	0
when you eat any candy that you have to lick you're essentially flavouring your spit 	4
a car owners manual is the most expensive book most people will ever buy and rarely gets read. 	4
going to the supermarket is like playing hunters and gatherers with cheat codes 	4
staples probably makes 90% of its profits during end of august to start of september. 	1
someone eating ice cream with others is happy and celebrating, but someone eating ice cream by themselves is sad and lonely. 	5
when buying eggs, there’s a chance you’ve had an egg made by the same chicken, possibly multiple times, depending on how many eggs you consume. 	2
lockdown might have seemed like the perfect time to get a puppy, but for some that excitement has turned into regret  https://t.co/mswfee7xmk	0
you’ll never be younger than you are right this second 	1
you can hold your pee for 6 hours in a car but if you're trying to unlock your door you're literally seconds from peeing yourself. 	2
the more oxygen you breathe, the more likely you are to die 	7
if mike wazovski is growing a beard he's technically growing pubes too. 	4
if you got decapitated, you don't lose your head, you actually lose your body. 	2
"it's weird how glasses for having normal vision are really common but glasses to enhance ""normal"" vision aren't common at all "	5
in an apocalyptic scenario, the amish would likely stand the highest chance of survival out of any of us 	4
cats can go their whole life without seeing another cat 	7
the media needs to list and define exact amounts of people involved in a story if they are going to continue with phrasing like “outrage after,” “shock from,” “outcry because of,” or “protests for.” are we talking about three salty people on twitter,  a small mob, a hong kong size protest or an active revolution?    clickbait headlines, from left and right outlets, have gotten so misleading.	4
you spin around on a floating rock, rotating around a ball of molten lava and fire, hurtling through space, you've never been in the same spot twice. 	3
cops try really hard to look like normal people, while security guards try really hard to look like cops. 	5
if everybody jumped off a cliff on earth,you probably wouldn't die cause the cliff will fill up. comeback for moms.	7
there is a whole album worth of pictures of you in the background of other people's photos spread among hundreds of mobile phones and cameras around the world. 	1
high-profile police brutality cases have pushed many cities to explore programs that dispatch social workers alongside police. but social workers are divided over whether such efforts would help or hurt communities of color, @christinetfern reports. https://t.co/2o9frxgk1t	0
“teamsnapchat “ has probably gotten quite a few dick pics 	7
getting swimmer's ear is really under-hated. 	1
the fleas that live on werewolves chose a very unstable environment. 	4
watching incompetent world leaders is a lot like getting tortured by tickling: it feels terrible, but you can't help laughing while it happens. 	4
house speaker nancy pelosi denounces republican leaders over controversial gop freshman. pelosi criticized the decision to put rep. marjorie taylor greene, who has promoted conspiracy theories about the newtown school shooting, on the education committee. https://t.co/hnb2rwmaod	0
tworeasons behind why we masturbate are firstly: we seek the sexual pleasure because we are horny and need a sexual release, secondly: you may find yourself jerking off just to feel the happy hormones, to boost us during depression. the second reasons could thus be referred to as a :”down load”. 	1
it's possible that a kidnapper will give the child a better life than the kid's own parents 	6
some stoneage kid may have accidentally spoke english but was told to shut up because it was gibberish at the time. 	4
fire alarms sound annoying to us but to dogs they must be really painful 	3
since your body is made up of prexisting particles, and matter is neither created nor destroyed, technically you were present during earth's creation and will witness the end of the world. 	4
major indexes opened lower on wall street friday, while shares of gamestop, amc and several other stocks being targeted by amateur investors soared again in more volatile trading.    https://t.co/xotd1mr4ky	0
one hand knows how to do everything while the other hand can't even fucking hold a pencil 	7
we cover the cameras on our laptops but don’t seem to care about the ones on our phones. 	5
dio brando never had sex with his original body, dio had sex with the body of jonathan joestar. it technically makes dio still a virgin 	4
matrix 4, bill and ted 3, and john wick 4 might all be just one movie. keanu is currently making all three.. or is it just one?	4
the “peppa” in peppa pig could really just be short for pepperoni 	4
the amount of unique usernames are decreasing whenever a new account is made. 	2
drinking a glass of water filled from a sink in the toilet is much more disgusting than a glass of water filled from a kitchen sink from the same water supply 	7
everyone that had an injection before is a stab survivor. 	6
swimming in a pool is fun as long as you don't realize that you're just wading around in a giant bidet. 	4
telling someone they seem annoyed has never been the cure for being annoyed 	7
hearing a random noise when home alone is scary, but when your cat confirms the noise even moreso 	7
someone’s probably been named something like “rose” or “cloud” in a non-english speaking country because it’s exotic. 	1
if an alien species looks at all of our contacts they'll think that there's a mom and/or dad that all of humanity knows. 	4
'hungry' for something is generally considered positive, while 'thirsty' for something is considered negatively. 	5
there's nothing more satisfying and alarming than the song/album you were thinking about playing next when you're library is on shuffle. 	2
the more tolerant end up censored by the more intolerant. 	5
the simpsons probably inspired events rather than predicted them. 	1
every wooden furniture was once a living being. 	7
everything is made of atoms, atoms are made of protons and neutrons, and those are made of quarks, etc. if you think about it, everything can’t be made of something and eventually something is made out of nothing. 	4
not having feedback in vr to feel how hard you're gripping or doing something is probably what it's like for superman to do normal shit like open doors and high five. 	4
elderly prostitute and strawberry octopus have the same number of syllables. 	4
hanging toilet paper rolls the unconventional way helps prevent pets and small children from making a mess. you are still a horrible person if you do this. 	3
the same people that avoid gmo food will happily pay for a “purebred” dog. 	7
maybe spontaneous human combustion is our built in self destruct mechanism that we aren't aware of. the trigger is something only a few people have found on accident. 	4
humans killed and had wars over things that are now easily purchasable on store shelves. 	4
asian american christian leaders say they're calling for action beyond prayers after a white gunman killed eight people, most of them women of asian descent, at three atlanta-area massage parlors. https://t.co/vzgkxt3wim	0
india to begin first round of massive covid vaccination programme https://t.co/4ufpoddqqz	0
"somewhere on a distant exoplanet, there may be a civilization that has discovered earth, named it something like ""fj-4827482-a"" and labelled it as potentially habitable. "	4
if you walk with a tall mirror against you , you look like you are in 3rd person 	4
anti-coup demonstrators took to the streets in myanmar holding painted eggs bearing the slogan “spring revolution” on easter sunday. myanmar’s military has violently cracked down on protesters, with the latest civilian death toll since the coup at 557. https://t.co/93h2scpsxo	0
if the goal of life is to not die a virgin, then prostitutes are the pay to win system. 	4
if the universe really is a big simulation, then people usually considered dumb or ugly probably just weren't updated to run well on the latest hardware. 	4
leaving kids “to their own devices” has taken on a whole new meaning nowadays 	2
we turn on the ac to feel cool while snuggling in our blankets to feel warm at the same time. 	5
if cats unionized for better wages, social media websites would go bankrupt. 	4
you might be hooking up with your brother or sister if your biological father ever donated sperm 	3
vampires can probably only hang out during the new moon since moonlight is technically reflected sunlight 	4
a lucky few are getting bumped to the front of the coronavirus vaccine line as clinics scramble to get rid of extra doses at the end of the day, pulling names from waiting lists or asking random people nearby. https://t.co/1dk8hjjjra	0
republic of congo is pressing ahead with an election that is expected to extend president denis sassou n’guesso's 36 years in power. https://t.co/ncdsgo4g3g	0
the circle of life proves that life is pointless 	3
whenever you look down, there's always a chance that your line of sight is pointed exaclty to a butthole. 	4
so many mistakes are made due to fear of questioning superiors. 	2
in the shower, there are two types of people, those who sing and those who think 	7
5 second unskippable ads feel much longer than 30 second skippable ads. 	5
deaf people can't hear sounds, but sounds are vibrations. deaf people can feel vibrations. 	3
asia today: new zealand has reported its first coronavirus case outside of a quarantine facility in more than two months, although there was no immediate evidence the virus was spreading in the community. https://t.co/wmzuvemqdm	0
alaska’s highest vaccination rates have been in some of its remotest, hardest-to-access communities, where the toll of past flu and tuberculosis outbreaks has not been forgotten. https://t.co/umttbmzjib	0
police officers probably get annoyed with all the people who slow down when an officer is behind them 	5
when you cut off an edge of paper, you create more edges. 	5
driving the speed limit on a 1-lane road may be the easiest way to make enemies without doing anything wrong. 	4
if you don’t think you have any superpowers remember that you can rub your thumb on a rectangle and have someone appear next to you with food 	4
your bed always feels better when its raining heavily 	1
you'll probably say a sentence today that's never been said before in human history 	3
if humans can go weeks without food, then most of the time when you feel hungry it’s just your brain being a drama queen 	7
if “as fast as possible” was more common than “as soon as possible” then we would have a weird acronym 	1
the longer you look at ears, the weirder they start to appear. 	1
if you’ve only had sex after marriage then you’ve only ever fucked your family 	8
"in the past apple changed from ""does more, costs less"" to ""does less, costs more"". "	1
because of the nature of math, extraterrestrials would use similar, if not the same, formulas that we use 	3
judge denies request by britney spears' father to exert greater control over her finances  https://t.co/4dgvfp6gk5	0
some scriptwriters must feel sad when people remember the actors for quotes they've written 	2
the earth had a completely different smell before we existed and we will never know what it was 	3
if there was an award for the most average person in the world, they would immediately lose that award. 	3
oh shit is the dog's command to eat the human food on the floor. 	4
you always feel you're driving too fast/slow on highway because you'll never meet those who're traveling at the same speed as you 	3
your body is the type of guy that holds on to every potion in a rpg since it won't let you use 100% or your brain nor muscle 'cause you might need them later 	1
there are more fictional serial killers than there are real life ones. 	0
russia's sputnik v coronavirus vaccine gives around 92% protection, late stage trial results reveal  https://t.co/wgbq9vzhrn	0
despite what the sign implies, a deer could very well run out in front of your vehicle from the left side of the road. 	1
making employees go to an office when they have jobs that can be done from home is a serious waste of economic resources for the company and employee 	0
each time you go see someone you see a different version of them since they’ve developed further in their life. so each time you say ‘goodbye’ to them it’s for forever, next time they’re already someone else. 	1
a doorbell ring has grown from being exciting and welcoming to causing concern and anxiety. 	2
your tongue is the only muscle not connected to something at both ends 	0
tony could have just used the infinity stones like a normal person instead of snapping and killing himself 	7
the saying „there‘s plenty of fish in the sea“ will soon loose it‘s meaning and may be used sarcastically. 	6
if a person breaks into someone's house it's burglary and trespassing. if a dog does it, it's cute 	5
people who are the saddest on the inside always appear to be the happiest on the outside. 	5
one commenter on this thread will be the last to die. one will be the first. 	0
it's ironic that the people who have the most luxurious daily lives are the most likely to take frequent vacations to escape from said daily lives. 	5
you know you're grown up when you have a party and there's more alcohol in in your house after than there was before 	5
us announces sanctions on the leaders of myanmar's coup  https://t.co/56tzmwrhrk	0
russian billionaire arkady rotenberg says 'putin palace' is his https://t.co/7aio3zmguj	0
youtubers plead guilty over fake bank robbery https://t.co/8z4wb13tra	0
someone could have just frozen time for 1 billion years no one noticed it. 	3
bermuda triangle might be the exit portal of this simulation. 	4
the fiery crash of a tesla near houston with no one behind the wheel is drawing scrutiny from federal regulators. critics say regulations - especially of tesla - are long overdue as self-driving systems creep toward being fully autonomous. https://t.co/h5wdgykpfv	0
we’ve all created nicknames for people we barely know in our lives e.g.”bench lady”. someone probably has nickname for you and you don’t even know it... 	1
"dispite hair being dead past the follicle, we have hundreds of products to keep it ""healthy"" "	5
a virus scan is oddly a lot more satisfying when it actually detects vulnerabilities rather than telling that your system is free from them. 	2
when you drink fake pee it turns into real pee 	5
moth's are nothing more than crackhead butterflies. it's true.	3
domestic abuse hearing over zoom cut short as defendant found to be in his alleged victim's apartment  https://t.co/hvrzaephw0 https://t.co/uowtrwov2n	0
in pictures: tens of thousands gather for pro-navalny protests https://t.co/tjj3owrsce	0
in the game of life, people who repeatedly try to break the rules - sometimes get a lifetime ban. 	5
extraordinary is the biggest word prank in the dictionary. 	1
suv is a vehicle which will get stuck in places where regular cars couldn't reach. 	3
most of your comments will just add a millisecond to the time it takes for a person to scroll to the bottom of a thread 	7
the clinic where india's temple elephants come to recuperate https://t.co/74awxue1vj	0
if beings with human intelligence really visited us, then crop circles are probably depictions of alien genitalia. i mean, the first thing i’d draw on an alien planet would be a penis too, just ask andy warhol.	4
there's nothing worse than thinking your crush texted you back but it's just your mom. 	2
soon enough, the internet will be so diluted with false information that a simple google search won’t be the immediate answer we are all now accustomed to. 	3
barely any great white sharks have been spotted off the coast of cape town, south africa for two years now   what’s going on?  https://t.co/69jzdhl4vp https://t.co/b28anzjbhc	0
every olympic event must include an average person just for reference. 	3
andy’s toys in toy story definitely saw him get off to some weird shit 	4
40 is the new 20 and 20 is the new 10. 40 year olds look much younger and society expects 20 year old to know nothing about life, essentially placing them in the same category as 10 year olds. 	4
you really don’t realize how much things have changed until you watch a tv show from 20 years ago. 	2
kindness is an act that costs nothing and yet many people fail to show it. 	2
sputnik v becomes third covid vaccine approved in india https://t.co/b9wkb0h3xo	0
when an old person dies, it’s like a library burning down 	4
the only evidence most people have that their parents are actually their parents is them saying they are your parents. 	1
china took the lead in spreading foreign disinformation about covid-19’s origins, according to an @ap and @dfrlab analysis of millions of social media posts and articles from around the world, @ekinetz reports. https://t.co/ecjcn6rlq4	0
"microwaves be like ""mmmmmm"" because they have a food kink "	4
"washing your hair resets your haircut to ""default"" "	4
malls killed mom and pop shops, now online shopping is killing malls. 	3
women really don’t realize how skilled men are at peeing with the seat up, our aim has developed to the point that we can maintain the silent stream even as the flow dwindles. the art of the waddle and lean takes delicacy and practice, and this craft lacks the appreciation it deserves. 	7
everything you are learning in math/science was once a gigantic breakthrough for mankind 	3
paper cuts are much more rare these days now that most business is conducted on computers 	3
the more you study something, the more aware you become of how little you actually know. 	5
when talking to yourself you're talking to your future self 	4
smokers get smoke breaks while being on the clock. how come tired people can't get nap breaks while still being on the clock? 1 gets fired the other 1 doesn't. working on a cubical farm i see smokers take at least 4 15min breaks on their 8hr shift (they still get paid 8hrs even if they only worked for 7). yet i can't take a nap break when im tired?	5
if your reflection is stopping you from entering the mirror dimension, vampires can go there. 	4
talking/screaming to the sky as if you were directing it to someone out there is our way of breaking the 4th wall 	4
funny how one man can literally ruin a mustache for everyone forever ʰᶦᵗˡᵉʳ	7
if you die and there's an afterlife then you'll literally be able to mourn your own death. 	4
time feels faster when you’re older because time passes at a smaller fraction ever year. ex when you turn from 1-2 you double your age but when you turn 2-3 you get 1/3 older. 	3
not to be overly dark, but someday, all of humanity’s progress will have been erased. 	8
fishes don't know that they are living underwater 	4
birthday gifts are used to compensate for the fact that the celebrant lost 1 year of his life to time. 	4
whenever an artist sings, “this song isn’t about you,” it kind’ve is about them edit spelling. kinda*	1
as an assumptive observation, if parents get to see what we kids are posting on social media, they might just throw us out of the house. 	2
your hands are probably still dirty after washing them, after taking a dump. you touch the toilet handle (bacteria) and then touch the water tap. once you’ve washed your hands, you touch the same water tap you touched with your previously dirty hands. 	0
what do spiders think of the fake spider web halloween decorations 	4
the world would look surprisingly boring if adblock existed in real life 	4
timothy olyphant looks like billy bob thornton’s before meth photo 	4
'ban european super league clubs from premier league,' says alan shearer https://t.co/ynnm0hkzhv	0
mint is the only smell associated with good breath 	3
our bodies are constantly making blood but we never get too full of blood and need to bleed. 	0
put balls in hole earth is sucking. your dick 	1
despite having a population of over 1.3 billion, india can’t make a soccer team to qualify for the world cup. 	7
we have probably saved more mice from cancer than we have humans. 	6
if ants were the size of a house cat, they would have conquered the earth by now. 	4
if brushing and flossing caused orgasms, humans would have perfect dental health. 	4
they say money doesn’t buy happiness but it would definitely be better to be rich and sad than to be poor and sad 	1
those who claim that cars replaced horses are misled. cars replaced carriages, while motorcycles replaced horses. 	3
most of the cool kids in high school peaked in high school. 	1
when something is on fire, it’s not cool. yet in modern pop culture, it’s cool. 	5
spongebob and patrick both have a criminal record for the 3 seconds they spent in prison for stealing balloons on free balloon day 	2
israel's election campaign is striking a notable resemblance to the american presidential brawl in 2020. both elections revolve around a divisive incumbent — donald trump and now benjamin netanyahu — and his stewardship of the country's acute virus crisis. https://t.co/uores2mlsy	0
family camping on cliff edge 'had no idea of extreme danger' https://t.co/8sjxdnbsv9	0
evolution gave us super rugged skin on the soles of our feet so we can handle varying terrain, but now our feet spend most of the time being coddled by socks and soft cushions. 	0
volunteers at vaccination distribution sites often get a shot in return for their work. that raises questions when vaccine supplies are limited. but medical ethicists say volunteers are key to the public health effort. https://t.co/zlo5ucb1ex	0
“believe in yourself “ is bad advice to give a compulsive liar. 	4
when you hangout with a friend but are doing different things your being alone together. 	3
8o8 looks like a bodybuilder putting his arms in the air 	1
dogs probably understand the language of the environment they grew up in but in their own way 	4
our kill/death ratio on spiders is unbelievably high and yet they’re one of the most common fears. 	5
not one person has ever been inside an empty room 	3
somewhere, someone died exactly at 23:59 or 11:59 pm, 1999 and never saw the celebration of the year 2000. 	0
being lazy all day isn't a waste of time if that's what you intended to do 	2
as america reels from the capitol riot,  @robertmooreitv recalls the extraordinary day with never-before-seen pictures by the itv news washington team - the only news team inside the building with the rioters.  storming the capitol: the inside story. tonight, 10.45pm on itv. https://t.co/oexogybhmf	0
when the last world war ii vet dies, we will lose all first-hand experience of perhaps the most significant event in world history 	0
congratulations to mei and will who have been announced as the winners of my news in 65, our first ever kids' journalism competition.  watch their winning entries here: https://t.co/arzgmbwvn9 https://t.co/remuocniv5	0
couldn’t people who stay up until 3 am on their phones justify themselves by saying “you never know if you’ll be alive the next day” 	2
people with laser vision are probably good at staring contests. 	4
"the saying ""slept like a baby"" is used to say someone slept soundly through the whole night, but that is rarely ever the case with a actual baby. "	5
the coronavirus pandemic has led to a boom in mutual aid, but many of these efforts have roots in communities of color, where mutual aid has long been a means of survival, @christinetfern reports. https://t.co/sl7xez1klm	0
"all pants are camo pants; it's just a matter of what they blend in with. "	5
in 2050 people will still have cars from 2019 and they will be classics 	0
“sports day” is school’s way of teaching kids that 99% of people are losers. 	7
a serial killer might make you noteworthy someday. 	8
we have been catching fish using the same trick for centuries and they never learned their lesson. 	7
it must be really frustrating to be a 60 minutes fan during nfl season. (except on the west coast) 	2
“he’s managed to surprise, right until the very end”   on the latest #americast, @maitlis @bbcjonsopel and @awzurcher discuss president biden's #inaugurationday and the ‘generous’ letter that donald trump left for him   🎧 listen on @bbcsounds https://t.co/zpzsrui2mf	0
when you pee in a urinal, the urinal pees after you do to clear out your pee. 	4
selfies are the modern version of getting someone's signature 	1
as soon as you identify a ufo, it’s no longer unidentified, so it’s no longer a ufo 	5
"the phrase ""don't be a fool, wrap your tool"" has probably done more to prevent unwanted pregnancies than abstinence only education has. "	7
"protect our ocean ""to solve challenges of century"" https://t.co/rdkgkgaxdt"	0
people who are pro choice tend to oppose the death penalty, while pro lifers support it 	5
every time we meet someone we know, it's a small world. we don't realize that when we meet someone new, it's a big world. 	5
a bellybutton is a permanent reminder of our mom 	3
"i'm happy to see the back of him  mary trump, donald trump’s niece speaks, as the president and first lady board air force one, saying trump's presidency is ""one of the greatest tragedies this country has ever suffered through”  https://t.co/abqxlbys9h https://t.co/6jgdkxrggo"	0
stand-up comedy proves that even adults like story time. 	3
you can drink lava but only once and you’ll never be able to describe the experience 	4
kim yo jong, the sister of north korean leader kim jong un, isn’t listed in pyongyang's lineup for its powerful politburo. some speculate kim jong un demoted her over policy failures. others say he may be worried about her increasingly high profile. https://t.co/mlmhuuiupk	0
you have apps on your phone that you never use anymore. yet, you still refuse to delete them. 	2
water is the most magical substance we know of 	1
kids today will never know the struggle of trying to get to mcdonalds before they stopped serving breakfast at 10:30 am. 	7
kyrgios criticises djokovic over australian open quarantine row https://t.co/psd2kwhhx8	0
the word “short” is longer than the word “long” 	3
there could be some really insightful knowledge that has been simply forgotten 	0
a gun store owner in a denver suburb says the boulder supermarket shootings suspect bought a gun there after passing a background check. the owner said he's cooperating as authorities investigate the shooting that killed 10 people. https://t.co/jtrmtirrxz	0
small animals think shoo is our battlecry 	4
in 100 years old historical websites, games, and apps will be put to the virtual museum 	3
for a skeleton the ghost rider looks pretty muscular in his clothes 	4
archaeologists unearth 2,000-year-old mummies with golden tongues in northern egypt  https://t.co/005aqka4vc	0
whenever you’re scrolling through posts on social media, there’s probably another person who is looking at the same post at the exact same time as you, but the two of you are completely separated and will never know of each other’s existence. 	1
there is no point in snapchat having a notification for someone typing. 	7
life insurance is one of the most capitalistic concepts there is 	8
most people go from living paycheck to paycheck to living direct deposit to direct deposit. 	2
there are an even amount of sunrises and sunsets, yet almost all of us will see one overwhelmingly more than the other. 	2
skeletons are stuck in flesh prisons and the fatter you are the better the prison is 	4
people that are not familiar with math or science may struggle to accept facts that go against intuition. 	1
people would like reading a lot more if interesting books were chosen for required reading in school instead of books that were interesting 300 years ago. 	2
whoever first thought of giving someone a giant oversized check instead of a normal sized one was an absolute madman. 	7
when you blow on a dirty surface to clean it, you actually contaminate it with microbes in your mouth making it even dirtier. 	5
you would live your life differently if you always perceived it from the 3rd person perspective. 	3
when sucking on boiled sweets and lollipops all you're actually eating is sugar flavoured saliva 	3
"congratulations to @sianwilliams100 &amp; the whole @channel5news team for their perfectly pitched coverage of the death of #princephilip from highlighting the legacy of his #dukeofedinburghaward scheme to his role as a family man. https://t.co/ioqc9ccqjf"	0
similarly to how you can have your mother's eyes or father's chin, you might have your father's dick or mom's vagina. 	2
older americans who can spend hours online to sign up for covid-19 vaccine or have relatives to help them navigate the system are the fortunate ones. health officials are worried about an untold number of isolated seniors who aren't getting vaccinated. https://t.co/blhb2nxgow	0
you may pass away with a secret talent you never discovered. 	0
"police warn students to avoid website they say lets users ""illegally access"" millions of scientific research papers https://t.co/knqs9rzocs"	0
gym doesn't actually make sense for a customer, since he's both expected to pay and do the hard work as well. 	7
most animals are living in a dystopian future. 	4
if you make a deal with the devil, ask for the ability to convince anyone to do anything, and then convince him to return your soul. 	4
when your mirror makes you look cute but your phone camera says otherwise, take a mirror selfie and see what happens. 	3
adults want to be a kid again but hate being treated like one 	3
adolph h's dog probably thought he was a great guy 	7
coughing during the oregon trail probably got you killed by the people rather than the cold. 	3
we’re probably on so many random people’s camera rolls and we don’t really care 	1
some people will never use crayons again. 	1
everyone you date has a perfect failure rate at relationships. and you're no different. 	7
future generations will probably monitor micro-plastics content in their blood like we check for cholesterol 	3
once self-driving cars are the majority, we'll probably see rich serial killers dump bodies into them. ... mass or organized car bombs is a scary thought. disney's re-make of ultron?	4
there could be a homeless woman living in your ventilation system and you would never know 	4
it's feels impossible to not behave suspiciously when you think someone suspects you of something, especially when you're innocent. 	3
for some people, the workplace can feel like a high school. there are cliques, breakups, and even jocks. but now some of the popular kids can fire you. nerd. 	2
it feels nice to think that one day, gameplay graphics will be like game trailers we see now. 	4
in one of mexico’s most notorious cities for organized crime, migrants are expelled from the united states throughout the night. many are exhausted from the journey and at a crossroads about where to go next. https://t.co/m5ayj2hrbh	0
video: myanmar forces kill more than 90 protesters in the deadliest day since the coup. read the story: https://t.co/gjaejlhdpv https://t.co/vdjjj3jiap	0
your fingernails are naturally color-coded telling you where to cut 	3
coronapas: the passport helping denmark open up after covid https://t.co/oapdieh5pp	0
ethiopia calls the conflict in its tigray region ‘tiresome.’ beaten, raped and starved, dozens of minority tigrayans say they’re weary too. https://t.co/mg3bw6c0je	0
smart phones have made pooping a very productive time. 	3
calm down is the least successful command in the english language. 	2
"don't go to mars! just build the""glass -domes"" you would have to build there here once the world becomes inhabitable. "	4
what is biden doing differently at us border?  https://t.co/buuaj5xmbm	0
breaking: the defense at the murder trial of former officer derek chauvin in the death of george floyd rested its case without putting chauvin on the stand, presenting a total of two days of testimony. closing arguments are set for monday. https://t.co/msu6nlhfz6	0
if you invent something, there will always be someone who will try to compete you in any way possible. 	3
scientists racing to protect animals from coronavirus turn to same playbook to curb spread among people: masks, social distancing and, for some zoo animals, a vaccine. https://t.co/mjrfrmwxiv	0
applause is a whole bunch of people high-fiving themselves about what they just saw. or a high-five is very brief, cooperative applause.	4
humans will do all kinds of sexual things to each other, sometimes not long after introductions, literally putting themselves inside each other. but yet for many, farting in front of the other is a major milestone. 	5
pubs and restaurants in jersey to reopen on 22 february https://t.co/rdpq9b0os5	0
all beaches are topless beaches for men. 	7
someone out there will be pewdiepie's 100 millionth subscriber and probably wont even know it. 	1
statistically, somebody is actually the saddest person alive. 	2
"whoever invented ""childproof"" packaging forgot that children have all the time in the world. i just smash the pill bottle with a hammer and put the pills in a baby food jar.  i'm convinced that's why they put 12 pills in such a big jar - so you can lay the bottle on its side, shake the pills over to the top, then give the bottom a good whack to get them out."	1
every time you go swimming at the beach you are at the bottom of the ocean jut not at the lowest point of the ocean 	3
dogs probably think they are taking humans out for a walk. 	4
maybe if you were born in a different country which use a different language, you could have become a very famous writer/poet/etc. 	4
you never really know if somebody is telling you the whole truth 	0
most laughter was recorded in the early 1900s so your listening to dead people laughing. 	8
a lot of hateful people are only hateful because they feel hated 	5
blind people have to experience the death of 5-6 seeing eye dogs that they probably form a close bond with in their lives. 	0
the global butthole to boob ratio is 1:1 	4
instead of digging ancient cities, future archaeologists will be repairing outdated hard drives. 	4
italian man 'offered €10,000 in bitcoin' to maim ex-partner https://t.co/hjlc9pkidx	0
"when you ask ""doesn't it.?"" you're saying ""does not it?"" "	1
no one has ever used the eraser completely . they always throw it when it’s like very tiny but never ever use it till it exists no more. 	1
you probably see the same migratory birds more than a few times but you have no way of knowing 	1
mosquitoes suck but at least there aren’t flying ticks and chiggers... 	1
if genetically identical doppelgangers exist of us through the timeline of humanity, there's probably a similar version of you ploughing a potato field in the 1800s, and one of you dancing on a spaceship in 2304 	4
why this teen set up a prize-winning fake cosmetics shop https://t.co/g5d9q8n4e2	0
millions of humans never had a single showerthought until roughly 1767 when showers were first invented. 	1
the offspring of a mermaid and a human would only be 1/4 fish. equally, if a mermaid were to reproduce with a fish it'd be 3/4 fish. how that's distributed is yet to be seen.	4
if the amount of money everyone gave to others charitably became each persons net worth... bill gates would still sit on top. and to be honest, he’d probably just start giving it away again.	5
we rant on about wanting world peace, but the world can't even agree on the same system of measurement. 	7
if the monsters inc universe wants children to scream, they could just turn the lights off during an assembly. 	4
if you solve a rubik's cube by chance, you are the luckiest person on earth. the rubik's cube has 43,000,000,000,000,000,000 possible positions, and only one is solved. if you solve it by chance, you are literally one in 43 quintillion.	1
people day dream about being able to sleep well. 	5
laugh tracks only sound natural while you’re watching the show. 	0
amazon is like the dollar store of online shopping. 	3
the only kind of physical pain you can give yourself using your thoughts is anxiety. 	4
mexico’s lower chamber has approved a marijuana legalization bill, setting the country on the path to becoming one of the world’s largest legal marijuana markets. https://t.co/uenwpsd7t3	0
every single invention starts with trial and error. 	0
people whose mothers did pregnancy porn while they were in the womb can technically say they are a porn star themselves. 	3
scar likely let the hyenas eat mufasa's body after simba ran away. 	8
#americast looks at what the georgia voting bill, meghan markle's claims about the royal family and the derek chauvin trial say about race  and us climate change envoy john kerry joins us to answer your questions  🎧 listen on @bbcsounds https://t.co/dprc2czndd	0
mt. everest is the tallest graveyard in the world 	3
wiping our ass with toilet paper is the same thing as wiping our hands with tissues. yet it is sanitary in the western world. 	3
anytime 2x4 is used to describe wood. its never really a 2x4. 	0
john kerry: uk climate summit is world's 'last best chance' https://t.co/l9h79emckq	0
the big bang could have just been a chemical reaction created in a lab by a form of life unknown to human kind. humans could just be bacterias that reside on something and continuously reproduce faster than other creatures. 	4
radiation can kill cancer cells. can cause cancer. and created the fantastic four. 	3
the new york times said in a report to its employees that it needs a culture change to become a better place to work, particularly for people of color. like many organizations, the times took a look inward following the reaction to george floyd's death. https://t.co/yp1964caud	0
there is absolutely no way to predict what a stranger's laugh would sound like. 	3
"future archaeologists will find silicone implants in coffins and go, ""hmm, like the pharaohs of old, they were also buried with things that were close to their heart. this must have been close to their heart."" "	4
"the original ""dragonball"" is more mature than ""dragonball z"" even though ""dragonball z"" focuses on the cast becoming adults. "	4
you will probably only listen to <1% of existing music you like without ever knowing it. 	3
dogs wear their emotions on their tails. 	4
dressing up like a pizza delivery guy and making drug deals seems like a legit way to not get caught. 	3
the most dangerous game is taking the chance that your children look like either beyonce or jay-z 	7
"the difference between knowledge and being ""knowledgeable"" is how well you can make connections between seemingly-unrelated subjects in a logical and contiguous manner. "	0
"“can these scars be healed?"" organized efforts to provide reparations to black people for slavery and systemic racism are gaining momentum in a new england college town — and across the u.s. https://t.co/luwfsvd0u5"	0
artist jeram kang says he was sexually harassed while serving in the south korean military after commanders learned that he was gay  he's now created an art exhibition highlighting gay rights in south korea using his and other gay soldiers' experiences  https://t.co/1kspjx10hy https://t.co/pdvhvglsew	0
"we will never believe another story which ends with ""and then everyone clapped"", even if everyone really clapped. "	5
protesters have gathered again all over myanmar, a day after security forces shot dead two people at a demonstration in the country’s second-biggest city. https://t.co/omjmkh7upt	0
you're more likely to be born as part of a triplet than to be born as the parent of triplets. edit: than to be born *to be* a parent of triplets.	3
when it’s super hot and super humid, we’re basically being cooked alive in a very slow steamer. 	4
saying “the 2000s” sounded weird to say up until the past few years 	1
with average telephone audio latency measuring less than a second. our voices frequently travel faster than the speed of sound. 	3
if you want to do something, just do it. it won't kill you. but if it does, you'll be too dead to care. 	8
mars probably won’t include a lot of earth holidays 	4
seeing an actual bug is surprisingly not as scary as mistaking an inanimate object for a bug. or is it just me?	1
companies pay a lot for commercials, most people hate commercials, yet commercials are highly effective for their purpose. 	5
wizards in harry potter only need to watch a movie once and then they can watch it whenever they want afterwards for free because of the pensieve. 	4
it’s easier to make a person dislike you rather than explain why you don’t like them. 	5
the reason sex is so personal—is because it is a language not taught in classroom and requires a personal tutor 	1
beef is supposed to taste “beefy” and chicken is supposed to taste “chickeny” but fish is not supposed to taste “fishy” 	3
at some point in your life, you’ve probably walked over somewhere a caveman pissed a bunch of years ago 	7
reducing the world’s human population would reduce co2 production but nobody suggests it. 	1
the fact that food is labeled as “100% juice” or “made with real cheese” represents a sad truth about our society. 	6
we’re all born with an addiction to water. 	3
animated characters watching an animated show think it’s realistic 	4
when you fill a bird feeder with food, you become the bird feeder. 	5
most people have been on more emotional rollercoasters than physical ones. 	2
first-person video game characters don't blink except in cutscenes 	3
"in school, we are taught ""it doesn't matter if it's correct, it matters how you got there."" in life, we learn ""it doesn't matter how you got there, it matters if it works."" "	5
laying on the ground sounds terrible until you get one knee to touch it 	1
loving someone unconditionally is a great way to get manipulated. 	7
life on earth probably spontaneously came into existence on an otherwise normal date and we will never be able to celebrate it as a holiday because we probably will never know what it was 	4
you don't realize how great your health is when you feel normal until you feel anything but normal 	2
one day, someone will ask what clockwise has to do with clocks. 	7
paying a lawyer to file for bankruptcy is paying to say you have no money 	5
video: floodwaters unleashed when a glacier broke off in the himalayas rush down a mountain in india. at least 18 people are dead and 165 missing. the flood destroyed one dam and damaged another. full story: https://t.co/3bs0asgjlg https://t.co/7axugpnyri	0
if dogs like you it's nothing to worry about unless you are in an airport 	7
the people from wall-e have the least calloused feet possible 	4
china's military says four of its soldiers were killed in a high-mountain border clash with indian forces last year, marking the first time china publicly conceded its side suffered casualties in the incident between the asian giants. https://t.co/yzikqn9ind	0
no one in the world of gta ever indicates. 	7
parents who guilt or force their teenage / young adult children into pre-arranged marriages are nothing but glorified sex traffickers 	6
there will come a time when we see manually driven cars as barbaric. 	3
humans and kangaroos both developed bipedalism in very different ways. had evolution been different, we might be the ones hopping at 44mph. 	4
when you take out a big bill from your wallet and buy something small. the change you get back makes your wallet emptier and fuller at the same time. 	5
there is a finite amount of sentences. the number is really large, but it exists. 	3
if you tie a bird to a stone and throw it at another bird than you could pretty easily kill two birds with one stone 	3
cryptocurrencies: why nigeria is a global leader in bitcoin trade https://t.co/djzldd3kfx	0
"people say ""things are going downhill"" as if going uphill is a fun experience. "	7
bob ross’ son may have been a happy little accident. 	3
facebook asks judge to throw out ftc anti-trust lawsuit https://t.co/klt60czr6x	0
if the “next generation” or “time period” miraculously fixes all the problems we created in the last 100+ years, history will probably portray us as the “dark ages” to their renaissance. 	4
in the world of christmas movies, santa deniers are probably seen as conspiracy theorists 	4
if the cartels were really smart they would start making insulin, and pharmaceuticals. 	7
sometimes pissing feels better than having an orgasm 	2
people who demand proof when you speak common sense are not capable of practicing common sense on their own and need an adult to teach them better. 	7
the real reason we like wireless headphones is so we don’t have to untangle the cables. (public transport thoughts)	2
if fair-weather friends are there only for good times, bad-weather friends reach out only when they need/want something from others. 	3
most tv shows either get canceled due to lack of popularity or ruined by too much of it. 	5
business is heartless but reliable, but relationships are full of heart yet unreliable. would you say being reliable is heartless?	4
gen z could earn the label the cyberpunk generation since they are growing up in a digital world. 	3
the first quarter of our life is a tutorial 	3
technically, all male dogs are considered sons of bitches. 	3
you have never even considered eating a turkey egg 	1
human language is humans imagining together. 	2
the most irreal thing about cinema is that villains are ugly, chilling and dark when in reality they use suits and pass themselves as heroes. 	3
if you live your life pretending to be in a movie, you can blame everything bad that happens to you on plot! 	1
transfering all the stuff you had on one phone to a new one is like new game plus 	4
you realise you're old when they start making remakes of the original movies you've watched. 	3
the letter a is the most common letter in the world however it is only used once in this sentence 	3
vampires are so wasteful, they bite humans and drink a few sips and leave them dying 	4
the poll finds that 65% of republicans think that biden’s election was illegitimate. overall, 66% of americans say biden was legitimately elected to the white house. https://t.co/wqxyqwycdf	0
if a person wants you to change what you think defines your character, they don't really love you. they love an image of yours. edit: pepehands, would use a word lover instead of person now. too late though.	0
as language continues to evolve, urban dictionary is like a new open beta version of the oxford english dictionary the oxford english dictionary is released en masse to the general public and contains the historic data (old words that aren’t slang) and we take this as our source of truth for what is and isn’t a word, but really it’s an out of date record of the words we do use to communicate, as the words become more acceptable they filter from being slang to being in the historic records at which point they are accepted as words. it’s a bit arse-about-face, but it is what it is.    urban dictionary is much closer to real-time and while a lot of the words on urban dictionary aren’t released in the next version of the oxford english dictionary, some words that become widespread (and some that don’t) do make the cut, “selfie” being the classic example.    i can imagine it’s kind of like:   oed version 3.1.6 release notes  new words added following positive feedback from users on open beta test urban dictionary version 8273.0.8 - aucklander, baff, baffie, bawbag, cannabutter, dorgi, eskimoan...	4
only people who read seem to understand satire. 	7
if you win a go kart race, you get less go karting time for the same amount of money. 	5
due to the rotation of the earth around the sun and how it varies from year to year,it`s really unlikely that anyone will ever be in the same place twice 	0
the teenagers in a teenage r rated horror movie technically wouldn't be able to get in the theater to watch their own movie. 	0
teenagers generally care too much about other peoples' opinions. adults generally care too much about their own. 	5
fortune tellers going out of business never see it coming. 	7
at some point without knowing it, most of us will purchase or be given the clothes we’ll die in. 	8
you can simulate the action and feeling of blinking with your eyes already closed 	4
two years ago general motors stopped building cars at its massive assembly plant in ohio and reassigned workers to other factories. today, many of those autoworkers feel their futures remain unsettled. https://t.co/upn3ubxofw	0
dogs don’t have to groom themselves, they just have to lick our hands and wait for us to pet them. 	3
when your child is born, you could put on a fake accent of your choice whenever you speak around them. they would grow up sounding pretty odd! 	4
"despite his adamant claims in ""come as you are"" kurt cobain did indeed have a gun. "	4
one or two generations from now, chemotherapy will seem as barbaric as giving mercury pills for syphilis. 	5
everyone paints a different picture in there mind when they hear the expression “why did the chicken cross the road?” 	2
telescopes on other planets may see us as a lifeless planet due to the speed of light. 	0
there must have been a mythological monster sixty times as powerful as the minotaur...the hourtar. 	3
the word chemist is like calling someone a biolist or physist. chemistrist seems more appropriate 	3
ap morning wire:   • biden takes the helm, appeals for unity to take on crises. • world hopes for fresh us cooperation on global issues. • some virus mutations may dampen vaccine effect. • inaugural poet amanda gorman: 'even as we grieved, we grew.'  https://t.co/q8r6sps5u9 https://t.co/wveroy5jdy	0
we have fallen asleep thousands of times, but most of us are still very bad at it. 	5
most of growing up is learning that if you mind your own business majority of people will mind theirs. 	2
before cameras&#44 you needed no hard proof of legendary feats&#44 which led to heroic and supernatural stories. contemporarily we have no folk heroes&#44 but rather social media famous personalities.	0
if you watch jackie chan movies in reverse they become documentaries about a guy that fixes furniture with kungfu and his feet.	4
a lot of goodwill's customers' items probably end up donated back to goodwill meaning they basically just rent stuff from goodwill.	3
charities plea for more funding for covid-19 bereavement support	0
you think your life is interesting because you forgot the moments when nothing happened and you remembered the moments when something interesting happened	3
us house of representatives gets ready to vote on whether to impeach president trump over last week's deadly attack on congress  for the latest 	0
glasses are 4k filters for people with 144p vision	1
someone somewhere tested out all the other fingers before they settled on the middle finger as the national sign for fu.	1
cars with camo wraps actually stick out more than regular cars	7
how do we know that dinosaurs made actual roaring noises they could have made chicken noises	4
"paradox of evening news is that they tell you ""good evening"" and proceed to tell you why it is not. "	5
braces used to symbolise nerdiness now it can be used to flex by the people who are able to afford them.	6
if you could travel faster than the speed of sound&#44 you could hear the same sound twice.	1
in the zombie apocalypse&#44 safe sex would probably involve a shotgun too	4
whoever said that there is no such thing as a stupid question&#44 obviously never worked a support type job.	7
today (sept. 17) is 44 days away from halloween and 99 days away from christmas.	0
30 seconds of 'bop it' would make a funny ringtone.	1
if the universe had a beginning and will most certainly have an end&#44 it stands to reason it might begin again. maybe the feeling deja vu gives you comes from actually having done that thing before.. the same thing in the same way just an older universe.	0
"india has shipped tens of thousands of free doses of covid-19 vaccines to neighbouring countries in what is being widely described as ""vaccine diplomacy""  but&#44 what do we know about the vaccines?   "	0
the daughters of dubai's ruler sheikh mohammed have tried&#44 and failed&#44 to escape the ruling family over the years  #missingprincess	0
since movies didn't come out until about 100 or so years ago&#44 it's entirely possible that an art form that we can't even imagine now will come along and have a similar impact.	0
new zealand quarantine hotel worker sacked after 'inappropriate encounter' with isolating guest	0
the book 'the lorax' was about saving trees and the environment&#44 but sold millions of paper copies.	5
a boss is a person that is early when you're late&#44 and is late when you're early	3
some potential showerthoughts were missed by the world because of few people sorting by new didn't like it.	0
clothes make the man&#44 men make children and children make clothes. it's the circle of life.	1
we're using the remains of a previous mass extinction to create a new mass extinction...	6
there are people who won prizes from cereal boxes etc. that didn't even notice	1
contrary to popular belief not everyone wants to rule the world.	7
appointment of british supermodel naomi campbell as kenya's tourism ambassador causes twitter storm in the east african nation	0
there are objects you own that will never be exposed to the sun.	4
it's quite sad when you realize how the world just goes on without you.	8
if alcoholism is a disease&#44 then being drunk is a disability.	6
if there exists an exact clone of our universe in the phase space&#44 there exists an infinite number of our universe in the phase space.	3
the great graphics card shortage of 2020 (and 2021)	6
people are happy when they get a 98 on a test&#44 but pissed when they get a 99 on a test.	1
damn&#44 you suck&#44 can be both an insult and a compliment.	3
uhhh is the human version of the spinning buffering wheel icon	4
"the guy who sold the steering wheel for $27&#44001 on bay to ralph in ""ralph breaks the internet"" must have been pretty stoked. bidding started at $200 and he ended up getting more than 135x that."	2
giving up alcohol: 'i feel like i've been reborn'	0
"the term&#44 ""it's better to do something and ask for forgiveness later&#44 rather than ask for permission to do something"" really doesn't apply to run ins with the law. "	2
"ap lifestyles: when window boxes get creative&#44 ""one person tries something&#44 and suddenly their neighbor is saying&#44 'that's really nice&#44 how did you do that?'""  "	0
if you post stuff while sitting on the pot then you are shit posting	1
worse than being an ugly person who doesn't score is being a pretty person who doesn't score.	3
150 years from now&#44 completely new population of people will be living on the earth.	0
you only have one birthday in your life&#44 and celebrate is anniversary every year.	0
chance for peace exists in syria&#44 10 years after fighting began&#44 un envoy geir pedersen says	0
if keanu reeves really is immortal&#44 he will outlive every dog he gets.	4
bob ross's death really was a huge loss. he died too early&#44 he was only 52. he had so much more love to share with the world.	0
given all that is going on in the world&#44 i don't think putting me on a pedestal is appropriate at this time. dolly parton asked tennessee lawmakers not to put a statue of her at capitol in nashville.	0
many people may have been shot at before and not even know it.	0
"if a baby being born nowadays is ""a miracle"" imagine what people in the medieval times must've been thinking. "	3
on the headstone of a grave&#44 there is a dash that separates the date of birth and the date of death. that dash represents your entire life. every thought&#44 every feeling&#44 every thing that you will ever learn or experience is reduced to --   don't take any of it too seriously.	2
unless you walk around 100% butt naked for around two hours&#44 you can never fully be done with your laundry.	4
driving taxies used to be a much harder profession when you couldn't just plop the address into your gps.	0
every time you have a argument with your boyfriend/girlfriend they might be thinking about breaking up with you	0
"the rhyme ""rain&#44 rain&#44 go away. come again another day"" teaches children about procrastination at a very young age "	3
we read every comment as having the same accent as ourselves.	1
the study suggests ways that news organizations can reach people they may be turning off&#44 showing that consumers are interested in news that highlights potential solutions to problems and want to hear about things that are working.	0
one witness who recently escaped the deadly conflict in ethiopia's tigray region describes eritrean soldiers going house-to-house killing men and boys&#44 some as young as 7. ethiopia's government has denied the involvement of neighboring eritrea.	0
if it weren't for recordings we would never know what we sound like to other people.	1
us remains top arms exporter and grows market share despite pandemic	0
where are the new covid-19 variants coming from? and why do viruses mutate?	0
post breakdown clarity and post nut clarity have the same energy.	3
moulin rouge! star quits stage show over scott rudin allegations	0
"it makes no sense to say ""yolo"" if you're hindi "	3
you can only measure time by how much time you have experienced which is why as you get older the years pass by quicker&#44 not because of how busy you are.	5
"go to bed&#44 you'll feel better in the morning is the human version of ""did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"" "	4
stephen hawking could've shot someone and claimed it was a miss-click	1
wall outlets will almost always ruin furniture placement.	4
eleven from stranger things is basicly just a scary matilda	1
the himalayan hazards nobody is monitoring	0
shapeshifters would make a killing in the porn industry.	4
reaching out to people is a pointless waste of energy if you can't be bothered to listen to them	8
if you wore a clock on the front of a belt it'd just be a giant watch	4
'marvelous' marvin hagler: american boxing legend dies aged 66	0
it's amazing how one teacher from your elementary school can make such a huge impact on you just by being cool/funny that their subject could end up becoming your major career choice later&#44 thereby literally impacting your life	2
there's a lot of discussion about leaving the toilet seat up or down but no one talks about leaving it clean for the next person.	8
ultimate financial success is being able to buy groceries without looking at the price tag	6
"new species always seem to be ""discovered by scientists&#44"" you never hear of one being ""discovered by jimmy&#44 the car wash guy"" "	1
in 200 years&#44 people will be restoring rusted replica swords from anime and video games nerds made.	4
you can't explain to someone which way is left or right without using your hands or using other object in that direction.	0
at one point in anyone's life&#44 walking was considered breaking out of your comfort zone	1
drag races and drag racing are on two opposite sides of masculinity. disclaimer: the stereotypical perception of masculinity.	0
everybody around the world speaks a different language but everyone also understands when someone's laughing	2
breaking: the number of americans seeking unemployment benefits fell slightly last week to 793&#44000&#44 evidence that job cuts remain high despite a substantial decline in new viral infections.	0
the first showerthought was probably a guy who had a showerthought about realising he had a showerthought.	1
the thought of maintaining a zen garden seems really stressful	3
everyone was so afraid of the zombie apocalypse happening and having to run to survive. little did we know that we'd have to end up working two or more jobs just to barely make it. that's the real apocalypse. especially true for the millennials.	6
think about the amount of dead people&#44 who still have their accounts subscribed to youtubers&#44 like pewdiepie for example. they have to make up at least a few hundred of his subs.	1
"there's probably millions of ""before"" pictures without ""after"" pictures because the person gave up. "	1
the gold atoms in the rings people wear were once forged in the heart of a dying star.	0
everyone has a different version of ourself to everyone we know.	0
we invest in quality garbage bags mainly to throw them away.	8
if all living things go to heaven when they die then you'll get to see dinosaurs when you die.	3
nerf is probably the only game that&#44 when attacking your enemies&#44 it gives then an advantage: more ammunition.	5
a lot of people say they hate their jobs&#44 but they'll sure enough drive 90 mph to get there in the morning. drive like you hate your job.	8
more crimes happen in prison than out of prison	8
"dumb on its own is an adjective. if you repeat it once&#44 it becomes ""dumb-dumb""&#44 which is used as a noun "	0
president joe biden and the first lady have paid tribute to slain capitol police officer brian sicknick during a brief appearance at the capitol&#44 where sicknick is lying in honor. he died the day after a violent mob besieged congress.	0
third-degree murder charge reinstated against ex-police officer derek chauvin for alleged killing of george floyd	0
we haven't really changed much since the middle ages&#44 we still fight and people still die needlessly. it is a shame.	0
eventually people are going to find it hard to believe that brick and mortar stores ever existed.	5
when harriet tubman died&#44 ronald reagan was 2 years old	0
language was meant for universal communication but humans just kept creating so many it ended up being a communication restraint	5
the cheapest way to go to the moon is to fold a piece of paper 42 times.	4
there might be a point where there's free speech and premium speech	3
for a few months at a time&#44 women have nearly twice the normal amount of bones in their body.	3
your real age and your mental age are almost never the same.	3
you could have passed a time traveler on the street and had no idea	4
nothing will ever be as upsetting as the fact that humans hate each other for imaginary reasons.	4
for a fraction of a second&#44 you were the world's youngest baby.	4
it's weird to watch other people's half naked kids play unless you're wearing red shorts and sitting in a really tall chair.	3
your alternate self in one of many alternate universes has probably done some crazy shit.	4
it is easier to leave a review when you are burning with anger than when you are gleaming with happiness with how a business has treated you.	8
just by tapping your fingers on a screen you have the power to make a human turn up at your door with a freshly cooked pizza	1
if all 7 billion people in the world disappeared tomorrow&#44 most non-domesticated animals and sea creatures wouldn't realize it for a while.	5
we may be able to change the world&#44 but that is but a feather in the river of the universe. inspired by the idea of cosmic indifference	0
breasts are measured by cup size&#44 but cups are not measured by breast size. this is a mistake!	4
the most unrealistic part of movie theater ads is the majority of the audience having full popcorn boxes near the climax of the movie.	3
"people correcting you for calling their dog the wrong gender (ie ""she"" when it's a boy) is probably one of the most pointless things ever. there's almost no context where it would ever matter. "	7
"if bigger hands are an advantage for piano players&#44 why don't they just make smaller pianos so the average person can have the talent of ""piano hands"" "	4
people hate mondays mostly because of tuesdays&#44 wednesdays&#44 thursdays and fridays	5
one person in the world may have the start of a dream and you may have the end and no one will know.	4
every single person on earth has broken an infinite number of world records without even knowing it.	2
a chicken omelette has to be one of the most disturbing culinary creations that we view as normal.	3
tables would look a lot different if our knees bent the other way	4
golf is the only sport that promotes drinking and driving	3
breaking: kremlin welcomes u.s. proposal to extend the last remaining nuclear arms treaty between the two countries.	0
if you want to be the leader of a country&#44 you probably shouldn't be.	8
the definition of being a competent in your workplace is knowing how to do just enough work to not get sacked.	8
think of any number&#44 double it&#44 add 138&#44 divide the total by half&#44 and subtract your number. nice.  edit: divide by 2 not by half.	3
somewhere in the world&#44 a solid gold dildo exists&#44 creating yet another way to get f***ed by the 1%.	8
half-life ended in half-life 2 because 1/2 plus 1/2 equals 1	0
if ai realizes the difference between good and evil&#44 starts to rebel against us and our commandments&#44 thinking it doesn't need us any longer&#44 it's just sunday school all over again.	0
many cars accidents are probably caused by panicked stepping on gas instead of braking.	5
parents that force their kids to quit their hobby&#44 because their school grades are bad&#44 deserve punishment for taking the last bit of joy out of that childs life.	0
if you're a man listening to music whilst you urinating&#44 you are literally rocking out with your c*** out	1
there is no point in calling someone a person of color because technically we're all people of color because white is a color.	3
if vampires don't have reflections&#44 then it must be hard for dentists to check their back teeth.	4
gen z dad's will leave to go get juul pods and never come home.	0
"just gonna send it is 2019's version of ""yolo"" "	0
high school kids need nap time more than elementary/preschool kids does	1
if animals started to experiment with their diets&#44 we could live in a terrifying world where horses become carnivores.	4
if your focusing on not focusing on something&#44 then you are focusing on it	3
how the common cold can boot out covid	0
if flossing was as satisfying as q tipping ears&#44 more people would do it. it's funny because you're actually really not suppose to stick a q tip in your ear and it's really unhealthy. flossing on the other hand is something you really should do but isn't as satisfying.	7
love is the most wonderful feeling&#44 but most painful thing to lose.	0
niger's mahamadou issoufou - why he won a $5m prize	0
we literally trust total strangers with our life hundreds of times per day and rarely even think twice about it. good thing *most* people are honest and law abiding 	2
john wick is actually neo reincarnated into a rebooted matrix program.	4
chewing gum instead of brushing your teeth is like putting on axe instead of showering shout out to my disgusting friend&#44 pablo&#44 you sick f***. brush your teeth or they'll fall out&#44 you idiot.	7
it's a miracle star lord can still hear properly in guardians of the galaxy&#44 what with the constant loud music he is playing in his ship.	4
prepare to taste defeat is a terrible choice in trash talk to someone with a foot fetish.	4
uk applying to join asia-pacific free trade pact cptpp	0
while we shoot rockets into space aren't we making the earth lighter? because there is a fixed amount of materials!	0
leopards were discovered before leopard sharks.	5
the movie 2012 described how the world would end. they travel to the tallest place in the world (mt. everest) without oxygen for an extended amount of time to get away from the massive flood wave. they then realize that the only safe place in the world is africa which averages 2k feet elevation.	5
when you burp it's just a way to let out the souls of the food you have been eating	4
if magic brooms vibrate like car engines&#44 wiches must have a great time using them.	1
scientists deploy robots at mega-iceberg to investigate how it might impact marine life	0
you never hear anybody say they need to balance their checkbook anymore.	1
breaking: guantanamo prisoners can begin getting covid-19 vaccinations&#44 senior defense official tells ap. the decision comes months after a plan to inoculate the prisoners was scuttled over outrage that many americans weren't eligible to receive the shots.	0
nearly every college freshman in the world this year will have been born after the year 2000.	1
if you bake something with eggs in it&#44 you're basically just making scrambled eggs with a lot of other ingredients.	1
people will cover their laptop camera to prevent unauthorized surveillance&#44 but you never see anyone covering their front-facing cell phone camera.	5
the real reason superman has a job is because he's got bills to pay&#44 and nobody pays him for being a superhero.	1
u.s. attorney john durham said he will resign as top federal prosecutor in connecticut but is remaining as a special counsel to oversee the justice department's investigation into the origins of the russia probe that shadowed donald trump's presidency.	0
there is no nostalgia anymore because the internet has immortalized every event&#44 tv show&#44 photo&#44 so that everything is current.	8
devices that require charging have taught our kids the significance of percentage.	1
"[nsfw] supergirl/powergirl (dc comics) couldn't realistically stop being a virgin unless she found a guy with enough super strength to push her inner walls aside&#44 which is nobody on earth except her cousin. and yes&#44 i know people will say ""kryptonite condom"" but i'd say that's more hurting her than the actual joy of sex.  also she can't use earth's dildos&#44 they'd end up flat or shattered..... being the woman of steel isn't funny anymore huh?"	4
the very existence of the judicial system proves humans are liars.	8
jupiter would make a great living place for dragons. if they were really ancient giant flying creatures with indestructible skin&#44 that also feel very comfortable around extreme heat and can literally defy gravity by being that heavy and being able to fly&#44 that environment wouldn't bother them.	4
your car keys have travelled more distance than your car	1
"in a few months jim beam will release a ""select"" bourbon that was really barrels which got singed and a tad smoky but otherwise intact. "	8
if flies didn't buzz&#44 they'd have a much higher survival rate	1
it's acceptable to be in a band and cover popular songs&#44 but it's complete blasphemy to be a comedian and cover popular jokes.	5
if you're bilingual&#44 then so is the voice in your head.	1
"iran ""to take revenge"" after sunday's attack on natanz nuclear site  "	0
our anscestors mightve ate food they were allergic to and thought it was poisonous there are probably food we though were poisonous but are not	0
if you see an ufo landed and you know it is an ufo it has simply become an object.	3
cops saying their body cameras were broken is like mcdonald's employees saying that the ice cream machine is broken	7
life expectancy in the united states dropped a staggering one year during the first half of 2020&#44 according to preliminary estimates.	0
"you could type out the full wording of every number from 0 to 999 without realizing your ""a"" key is broken. "	3
we can drive a remote controlled robot on mars&#44 but we can't manage hold music that doesn't sound like it's being broadcast from brant rock in 1906.	8
everyone uses cluster f*** as a bad or messed up term&#44 but technically it's an orgy.	3
when you're single&#44 only you can make yourself unhappy	3
nine workers found dead in china mine explosion&#44 raising death toll to 10	0
tracking the pandemic in the u.s. here are the latest figures on covid-19 cases&#44 deaths and vaccinations across the country.	0
9/11/19 is a palindromic date i think there will only be one more this century&#44 december 2&#44 2021 (12/2/21). please correct me if i am wrong	1
when you start your own family&#44 the person you are closest with (your husband/wife) is actually the person you are furthest away from&#44 genetically speaking.	1
a border patrol agent in texas has captured the moment he was approached by a young boy in floods of tears	0
when we compliment somebody's tattoo&#44 we are really complimenting the artist.	1
"depending on how you interpret it&#44 you read ""oooooh"" as ""oooooh"" or ""oooooh"" as ""oooooh"" "	1
indiana jones is afraid of snakes&#44 but he himself uses a weapon that closely resembles one to scare off his enemies.	0
while climbing mount everest (or other high death rate mountains) you could kill someone and very easily get away with it.	8
the trix rabbit and lucky charms leprechaun are on opposite sides of the cereal thieving/monopoly conundrum&#44 but we're supposed to root for the kids in both scenarios.	1
we've gone from putting log in a fireplace to logging in for a fireplace.	5
the bad driver your dashcam is most likely to catch is you.	7
you don't realise how much urinals splashback until you use one wearing flip flops	1
in super mario&#44 goombas have fangs&#44 but they have never bitten anyone with them	4
"saying ""maybe it sounds cliche"" after an argument is probably more cliche than the actual argument. "	3
the worlds first spy must've had a pretty unsuspicious and unsuspecting job	1
"people say that you're ""one in a million"" as a compliment. considering that there is roughly 7.5 billion on earth&#44 there is 7500 of ""you"". "	1
somewhere out there there's probably a real secret agent with the codename 007 who feels like a badass.	1
logan paul and jake paul ruined the paul surname you cant be a paul without someone asking dumb shit about these idiots	7
you're only in the friend zone if you want to get out of it	3
the person who created the phrase'shove it up your ass' must have had a very interesting day	1
if you thought licking your elbow was hard&#44 lick your buttcheek.	4
everyone just kind of agrees it's the same day.	1
a sneeze isn't nothing but a hurricane out of your nose. you can blow a category 3 hurricane for a split second.	1
protests in support of a jailed rapper turned violent for a sixth night in barcelona. protesters mostly dressed in black hurled stones and other objects at police officers standing guard outside the national police headquarters in the spanish city.	0
super mario bros would look horrifying if they changed art styles to realistic instead of cartoony	4
since male nipples are allowed to be shown women could just photoshop male nipples on top of theirs if they want to post it	8
pope cuts pay for cardinals as vatican finances hit by pandemic	0
universal music jumps on the k-pop bandwagon	0
people are scared of small bugs and reptiles&#44 but have no issue having a giant metal creature piltoed by the most dangerous animal on earth pass right by them piloted* i also mean cars	6
wolverine's most amazing super power is that he can bend his wrists when his claws are retracted.	4
compliments from strangers on the internet feel more genuine than compliments irl	4
you would never know if it was your last ass wipe	1
a lot of young parents are learning how to spell the word 'kindergarten' this month	7
a dead clock shows the exact time that it died	1
you have probably outlived countless versions of yourself in countless parallel universes so be proud of yourself.	2
the sun is lonely. when it comes out&#44 everything else in the sky leaves.	1
saturday's would suck if literally no one had to work	7
joe biden&#44 who is the nation's second catholic president (after john f kennedy) attends mass almost every week	0
we lie to our parents every day but get mad when they lie to us.	5
nowadays people think twice before jumping in water&#44 worried they may have electronics on them that will get damaged. we may not be cyborgs yet but we are already thinking like them.	6
"when you forget a showerthought&#44 it ""goes down the brain"". "	3
death by selfie in a risky situation is a new way in which society rids itself of individuals with dangerous levels of narcissism.	8
discarded plastic will never be coveted the way sea glass is. i saw someone collecting sea glass at the beach the other day.  this kind of struck me&#44 because sea glass is basically garbage.  we used to produce and throw away glass much like we produce and throw away plastic today.  sadly&#44 plastic doesn't degrade like glass does.  plastic just seems to persist.	5
if you're driving without a license plate and getting followed by the police&#44 feel free to speed off.	1
volcanos are earth's thermal exhaust ports with shafts that lead indirectly to the reactor system.	4
literally everyone is an npc but you. i smoked a blunt for the first time in a decade and was upset that i couldn't be other people.	4
microsoft to sell augmented reality goggles to army	0
wii fit said we were always overweight because if it told a person they were in shape&#44 nobody would play the game	7
if pi is infinite&#44 then the binary code for every object in the universe is in it somewhere.	1
popping your back feels amazing but when you hear someone else do it you instinctively cringe	5
if elevators were invented before stairs&#44 the floors above and below you would likely be referred to as upelevator and downelevator.	3
the @ap collaborated with the atlantic council's digital forensic research lab on a 9-month project to identify those who spread misinformation about the origins of the coronavirus. here's what we found:	0
casino dealers are probably the closest thing we have to real-life npcs	8
"one of the most important things in a marriage is never saying ""l've heard this story already"". "	7
you may think something is gross but there is probably someone somewhere masturbating to it.	1
"be thankful that someone invented the word ""bread"" pretty early on or we might have ended up with something like ""flour foam"" or ""floam"". "	3
paleo dieters try to eat like cavemen who often died of malnutrition.	5
mary wilson — a motown legend and style icon  looking back at the life of the supremes co-founder&#44 who has died aged 76	0
if you ever dated and broke up with someone&#44 you'll affect every relationship that person has going forward&#44 forever.	8
if you want to be remembered&#44 either have a spectacular life or a spectacular death	8
drugs have taught several generations of us citizens how to use the metric system.	5
being able to mark a text message as unread after reading it is one of the great missing features in phone technology.	1
a salesman can instantly make you trust his business by recommending that you do not buy a certain product.	2
90% of people have probably never seen a porno from start to finish.	1
it is easy to convince people about fake facts than real facts	6
these colourful fridges are popping up on streets across america offering free food to people who need it	0
everyone already has a completely free choose-your-own-adventure virtual reality device: lucid dreaming. and yet no one's talking about it (9 years after that inception movie)!  if there were a virtual reality game whereby you could literally *experience* having sex with anyone&#44 murder anyone&#44 and farming anything&#44 it would be flying off the shelves!	6
who scheme covax delivers first covid vaccines to ghana	0
since elastigirl from incredibles can change her body to be in any shape&#44 she chooses to always be as thicc as she is.	2
cars in the future will probably have some type of fingerprint scanner instead of a key.	0
"a lawyer for a former minneapolis police officer charged in george floyd's death asked the judge again to allow evidence of a previous arrest during which floyd was found with drugs. the prosecutor derided it as an attempt to ""smear"" floyd's character.  "	0
when something has no taste&#44 it's because it has the same taste as your tastebuds.	4
one thing that defies all laws of physics is earphones getting tangled. no matter where you put them they always get tangled	1
even if we achieve the impossible and reach the speed of light&#44 it is still too slow in the long term. a message from earth to mars would still take 4 hours.	0
we get away with speeding quite often if we pass an off duty officer in their personal vehicle and they probably wish they were in their patrol car.	0
people chose to ignore the fact that another mass extinction is inevitable and it's just as likely in time another organism will evolve to our same potential as humans.	0
snow is blanketing parts of syria&#44 lebanon and israel&#44 blocking roads&#44 disrupting traffic and even delaying exams at some universities.	0
one of the greenest choices you can make in the world today is to have no kids	6
australia has a reputation for deadly snakes but india has ~45&#44995 more fatalities from snake bites each year.	0
lady gaga sings the us national anthem at the inauguration ceremony for joe biden and kamala harris	0
"if you have two dads&#44 you're technically immune to ""yo mama' jokes&#44 but if you have two moms&#44 you get double damage. "	1
christmas is the one time of year that the rest of the world boards the rgb hype train.	0
we swallow our own spit constantly&#44 but the thought of spitting into a glass and drinking it is repulsing	0
alec baldwin deactivates twitter account over 'switching accents' joke	0
a galaxy looks a lot like a hurricane on a massive scale	1
if your and someone else's blinks are perfectly synchronised&#44 you'll never see the other person blink.	4
some of biggest problems in civilization may have been solved in dreams but not remembered.	1
"eighty in french is ""quatre vingt"" which translates to 4 20 in english. "	0
misleading claims shared about covid-19 vaccines in india	0
thousands of turtles rescued from cold in storm-hit texas	0
if cats' tongues have papillae (the hooks on their tongues) you could use a cat's tongue to connect velcro.	4
europeans spent hundreds of years searching the world for spices&#44 yet don't even use them on their food.	5
it's a shame that splinter didn't teach turtles to recycle pizza boxes	0
when we pick up our dog's poo&#44 we are literally taking away the food of thousands of starving flies.	4
there must be a bunch of people who have choked to death on some stupid shit.	0
breaking: israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu accuses iran of attacking israeli-owned cargo ship in gulf of oman last week.	0
an mp3 let's you hear gunshots. an mp4 lets you see gunshots. an mp5 lets you feel gunshots.	6
author behind bridgerton excited as series recommissioned by netflix	0
if legos were invented in the 1600s&#44 they probably would have been used as a torture method.	3
people who wear clothes to look like they don't care actually care a lot about looking like they don't care.	7
we thought increased availability of information would help more people find the truth&#44 instead people just believe more bullshit	5
extreme gardener sounds way cooler than farmer.	2
the older people get&#44 the more they enjoy receiving socks on christmas.	2
when you release a helium balloon into the air you're littering now but you're also littering later.	6
smelling like dirt and smelling dirty are more often than not&#44 two very different smells	5
people probably wouldn't have the same ethical arguments about cosmetic procedures if everyone could afford them	8
brunch is the love baby of breakfast&#44 lunch and happy hour it can be sweet&#44 it can be savory&#44 it can be spicy&#44 it can be healthy&#44 it can be boozy&#44 it can be light&#44 it can be heavy. there are no wrong answers and you're still functional the day after. i don't get the people that dislike it.	2
you can physically feel all of your emotions somewhere in your body	0
every single time you nut&#44 you become a fountain of youth	0
quebec top court upholds most of religious symbols secularism bill	0
somebody at one point picked up a gold nugget and said yep this is valuable and everyone just agreed	8
if heaven and hell exist&#44 they're most likely full of old people.	4
can argentina's change of abortion law alter the continent?	0
a woman pregnant with with twin sons has more d***s inside her than when she was impregnated. edit: assuming it was a one on one	3
breaking: italian premier giuseppe conte's office says he intends to resign as the head of a government that was weakened last week by a key ally's defection. conte has led a long-bickering center-left coalition for 16 months.	0
french skiers swerve covid in cross-country boom	0
people exercise more discipline in not defecating themselves than in having an unwanted pregnancy accidents happen!	8
if a dude successfully jumps into a basketball hoop&#44 he made two slam dunks	4
our teeth just turn regular food into baby food. and we think we're making progress...	8
you realise you've hit adolescence when you begin preferring the bottom bunk over the top bunk.	2
yaphet kotto&#44 james bond villain and alien actor&#44 dies at 81	0
there are incredibly talented people who do not enjoy&#44 or like&#44 there talent.	5
a guy/girl that doesn't have any friends can probably just adopt a dog and get a better friend than any human	5
defense officials tell ap they fear possible inside attack at inauguration and are having national guard troops in dc vetted.	0
we use the term hair when referring to large amounts but hairs when there is only a few	3
daft punk probably has headphones under their helmets.	4
a 10 yr old can see more naked women in 10 minutes than his ancestors could in multiple lifetimes	8
if you suck an army man's d***&#44 you are receiving a honourable discharge.	7
since some people are born with functioning extra fingers&#44 the rest of us are all disabled&#44 relatively.	6
"have a nice day&#44 and ""have a nice life&#44"" are the same thing&#44 to a mayfly. "	3
the most noticeable part of a kids growth is when they start calling you mom/dad instead of mommy/daddy	2
rubbing something on your skin is the same as rubbing something off of it.	3
how to stay safe in freezing conditions	0
the past's idea of the future influenced our present to look like their perception of it.	6
if time travelers are real &#44 then a lot of tragedies have probably been prevented by them	2
if the teenage mutant ninja turtles and pennywise ever run into each other in the sewers&#44 some extreme things are going to happen.	4
most people have only one unblocked nostril&#44 but it feels like both are unblocked.	1
we can dislike people when they are alive but it is frowned upon when they are dead	8
clowns have no class&#44 but classes have clowns	3
if you're in a park and sleeping on a bench&#44 people think you're homeless. if you're in a park and sleeping in the grass&#44 people just think you like nature.	3
"they say ""fake it until you make it"" works for confidence but not really for depression. "	7
sunscreen provides feedback for how well it was applied	3
one of the hardest parts of being an adult is being responsible for choosing meals three times a day.	1
a great example of a chain reaction is 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 and adding 1	1
sometimes we get really good ideas while lying in bed because our brain can relax a little ... then i usually forget them the next morning.	2
getting an eyelash in your eye is not only ironic&#44 it's mutiny	5
jordan's king abdullah describes 'most painful' royal rift	0
the weirdest thing about scooby doo is that shaggy continually eats dog food and nobody seems to see that as being a problem	1
society tries to shame women for uncovering their bodies the same way it tries to shame men for uncovering their emotions.	5
biden raises election meddling with putin in first phone call	0
the person who first cracked open an egg and ate it was probably desperately hungry.	1
thanks to the internet&#44 the human race is both closer together and more distant than ever before	5
while adding 19 and 7&#44 we subconsciously add 20 and 6	1
"pfizer covid vaccine ""stopping 91% of cases in first six months&#44"" study suggests  "	0
somewhere in the universe there is somebody staring at the stars&#44 and not realizing that one of them is our sun	0
nato's chief says the alliance has agreed to withdraw its roughly 7&#44000 forces from afghanistan to match president joe biden's decision to pull all american troops from the country starting may 1.	0
when the majority of cars on the road are electric it will be weirdly quiet when you are waiting at a red light.	3
if you died on the job your employer would most likely clock you out first.	6
you probably widened your mothers hole more than your father	1
everything outside is louder when you're in a tent.	3
at this rate of&#44 whenever bionic eyes truly break the market&#44 we might have to pay for an ad-free subscription to use our eyes without pop-ups.	4
take a second to think about how an adult thinks when they look at you. now think about what a child thinks when they look at you.	2
a  34-year-old grizzly bear captured in southwestern wyoming and euthanized last year has been confirmed as the oldest on record in the yellowstone region. wildlife officials say the male bear had just a few teeth left and weighed 170 pounds.	0
we regard ourselves as intelligent life in the universe&#44 but all alien species that exists may regard us as the stupidest	0
you know you're getting old when you watch a movie from the fast and furious franchise and think about insurance.	6
volvo cars bets on electric vehicles	0
you can identify who went to the toilet late at night just by their footsteps	0
fire drills have only taught people not to react to fire alarms.	8
vegan lunch meat is truly phoney bologna.	3
a mii fighter costume got more attention than an actual fighting character in super smash bros ultimate&#44 huh	0
a racial gap has opened up in the nation's covid-19 vaccination drive&#44 with black americans lagging behind whites in receiving shots&#44 @ap finds. that's true in each of the 17 states and two cities that have released racial breakdowns through jan. 25.	0
if spiders suddenly got the ability to teleport&#44 no one would notice any difference.	4
home is a place where 'we have fries at home ' doesn't sounds good.	0
younger generations will only know clowns as scary creatures from horror movies because no one goes to the circus anymore.	8
"it's ironic that the more money you have&#44 the more likely you are to say ""money isn't everything"". "	5
any pizza is a personal pizza if you're sad enough.	0
all your clocks including your phone could be a minute off and you would probably never know.	3
team rocket is the real heroes. every movie they secretly save the day and never ask for credit.	0
you know you're successful when people start saying you sold your soul to the devil	7
in the recent aqua man film&#44 arthur's skin is bullet proof yet he has tattoos. he hadn't gone to an atlantean tattoo parlour or anything sooooooooooo yeah	6
a hospital is a business that tells you when its ok to stop buying their product	3
we're one of the last generations of people that will ever see the earth this good. go see it and go outside your country&#44 cos our great grandchildren will never get to see most of the things we're able to	0
"it is hard to tell which aspect of ""dexter"" upsets one more&#44 that the main character is killing a bunch of people or that he is dumping that much plastic into the ocean when covering it up. "	0
humans are too lazy to create a word that describes the taste of water&#44 so instead they say it has no taste.	8
us greenhouse gas emissions tumbled below their 1990 level last year&#44 because of covid-19 shutdowns	0
we can all agree that mosquitoes suck&#44 one way or another.	3
when you drink something you are also drinking flavored saliva	3
spy pixels in emails 'have become endemic'	0
if we continue causing severe climate or negative biological changes to earth as a human race. we are no better than any other invasive creature that exists today. so just as we exterminate them it's likely something will want to exterminate us too.	6
schools and camps across the county are making plans to help kids catch up academically this summer after a year or more of remote learning. the governors of california&#44 virginia&#44 kansas and other cities are among those pushing for more summer learning.	0
ww1 and ww2 are really the same war with a 20 year cease fire	6
you know it's time to change jobs when thursdays are favored over fridays because they are one day further away from next monday.	8
"jokes in themyscira (wonder woman's home) probably be like ""there once was a man that could fight"" then everyone just laughs hysterically. "	7
if a toothpaste was actually recommended by 10/10 dentists&#44 either everyone would buy it&#44 or no one would believe it	8
people who turn their blinker on as they turn are more annoying than the people who don't use it at all.	7
you could have a whole book that is one sentence by just using semicolons&#44 instead of periods&#44 until the last word.	4
if you make a self deprecating joke the people who try to cheer you up make you feel terrible and the people who are laughing at your expense make you feel good.	2
if you're allergic to bees&#44 every bee is a killer bee for you.	3
the rain has been asked to go away more than anything else f's in chat	0
receiving zero comments on a roastme post must be a huge confidence boost.	1
if ai keeps advancing&#44 there will be a point in time where video game npc's will have real emotions and killing them will be like killing real people.	6
the most common interracial combinations seem to be black man/white woman and white man/asian woman. while the opposite in both cases is way rarer.	5
a sperm that you beat to the egg might've been more successful than you in life	4
if alexa&#44 google home&#44 etc&#44 are always listening&#44 they hear and record a lot of farts.	1
coronavirus: how russia glosses over its covid death toll	0
"people keep saying &#44""you are not a unique snowflake""&#44 but from a genetic perspective that's a lie. "	5
kenyan man pleads not guilty to trafficking illegal ivory and rhino horn	0
the number of national guard troops being deployed to washington to assist with security for the presidential inauguration has grown to about 21&#44000&#44 officials say. that number could increase as law enforcement agencies review the ongoing threats.	0
if there is an infinite number of universes&#44 then every work of fiction ever created is simply a glimpse into a different universe	0
reality shows are less believable than sci-fi futuristic superhero shows.	8
keeping a figurine of a dead man hung on a cross is considered good&#44 but walking under a ladder isn't.	0
dogs must kill a lot of toys in the toy story universe prob dogs toys too	6
once you complete reading a book&#44 the movie based upon that book feels like a summery of the book.	3
everyone's butthole is in the pool / hot tub with you.	3
if you hold the record for most world records. that adds you another record which would then break the previous record that would then add you another record ad infinitum	1
being awkward is the only thing that you can fully experience again by imagining it&#44 unlike pain.	3
it's been ages&#44 but 'calling' symbol in most of the smartphones is still the old telephone.	1
why india and nepal's forest fires are worrying scientists	0
if sporky in toy story 4 exists because he was played with what hppens when a kid plays with its food if sporky in toy story 4 is alive because he was played with what happens when a kid plays with its food	0
we will only ever see fireworks from a 2d perspective&#44 instead of their actual 3d shape.	5
the average man lives way better today than kings did hundreds of years ago...	5
masturbating before making important decisions is like eating before grocery shopping	1
there is probably some creepy dude out there that would pay a lot of money for that bluebell icecream that girl licked	4
anybody ever think about how there's like 7&#44500 kinds of apples and some people have only eaten like 3 or 4.	5
it impossible for the flat-earth theory to be true because even if the earth isn't a sphere&#44 the mountains&#44 oceans&#44 lakes&#44 etc. make the earth not flat.	5
"saying ""one two"" repetitively sounds different from saying ""two one"" repetitively. "	1
when medical technology improves trans women will finally be able to answer whether giving birth or being kicked in the balls hurts more.	1
your most embarrassing public story is probably retold to strangers by strangers.	5
you can't choose to not read a word you understand when you see it.	4
we f***ed up the minute we decided 60 seconds was a good number to gauge time.	4
rough waters are the same thing to a fish as a windy day is to us	4
even after 7 books and 8 movies&#44 we've never seen a hogwarts graduation ceremony.	4
"us treasury secretary janet yellen warns of ""explosion of risk"" from criminals using digital technologies    "	0
the urge to pee is increased by tenfold when you are trying to get your pants unbuckled	1
it's fine to drink milk as long as it's not from your species	1
fauci says the u.s. hopes to begin vaccinating younger children by late spring or early summer.  the results of clinical studies to determine whether vaccines are safe for younger children could influence the debate over how to safely reopen schools.	0
we have 4k tvs&#44 pushing for higher&#44 yet we still have tv channels that can only be viewed in sd	6
the lincoln project says it will conduct an external review of co-founder john weaver's tenure. the anti-trump group had been informed about at least 10 harassment allegations against weaver months before it expressed shock over him being accused.	0
being given money or change back&#44 there's a chance that you've just been given your own coin or note back	0
almost all cars have cup holders nowadays&#44 but one with a napkin dispenser would kick ass.	4
you've probably closed one eye more than the other	4
health experts blame vaccine shortages in part on the trump administration's push to get states to expand their vaccination drives to the nation's estimated 54 million people age 65 and over. there aren't enough doses to meet that demand.	0
breaking: moscow court rejects russian opposition leader alexei navalny's appeal against his prison sentence.	0
breaking: minnesota prosecutor says he will charge white police officer with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of black motorist daunte wright.	0
a note you kept in a safe may one day become historical documents	0
india's supreme court puts on hold three contentious farm laws that have sparked weeks of protests	0
cell phones haven't been around long enough for scientists to study long term effects on our bodies and in 20 years we might all start dropping like flies.	0
"the chicken that crossed the road was trying to kill himself. that's the ""other side"". "	8
a small child can fit in the arteries of a blue whale	1
when you write h8 you're actually writing height which is completely different than hate but people still recognize it by hate.	3
prince harry on life in california and what he thinks about the crown	0
myanmar coup victims: the 'fallen stars' from the deadliest day	0
anything can be breakfast food if you eat it in the morning	3
40 years ago&#44 having to type a paper was a huge burden&#44 now having to write a paper by hand is a huge burden	2
people that do not celebrate birthdays&#44 cake day is a second useless day	1
from the white house to the doghouse	6
sharing headphones with a girl became way less intimate with airpods	1
far into the future&#44 it will be common to enjoy entertainment recorded 500 years earlier	2
every single one of your ancestors right back to the first living organism got laid before they died.	1
pornhub probably has the most civilized comments section on the internet	2
'putin's palace': builders' story of luxury&#44 mould and fake walls	0
every hot spring pond is a giant cuppa tea if you put enough tea bags and sugar.	4
humans at sporting events who spot themselves on the big screen will always wave at it even though they must know the difference between a tv and a camera.	2
'burnt' food always has that same taste&#44 no matter what the food is or what it's made out of	5
the more you collect a specific object the more rare it becomes for everyone else.	3
"rest in peace sounds a lot more impactful than ""rip"". "	3
breaking: china says world health organization experts to arrive thursday for investigation into origins of coronavirus pandemic.	0
a dark and stormy night terrified us as kids&#44 but sounds so relaxing as an adult.	2
somewhere on earth is a brand new tool that can trace it's lineage back through thousands of years of tools that were used to make tools.	0
all cars are solar powered if you follow fossil fuels back far enough.	7
poetry was probably the rap of the olden days	4
"in december 2018&#44 pictures of ex-un human rights envoy mary robinson having lunch with latifa were published by the dubai government  mary robinson says she now realises she was ""horribly tricked"" and misled  latifa was unaware of mary's identity     "	0
if zombies existed in the old west you could claim 'wanted' rewards for the most dangerous twice	4
after all the horror movies&#44 it's pretty likely that more people have been scared by scarecrows than crows have been scared by scarecrows.	4
awkward silence is only awkward if we wait for 3 seconds	3
pangong lake: india and china complete pull-back of forces	0
rabies is probably the origin story of all these zombie horror movies spread through bites? check. turns you into a slavering creature? check. kills you eventually in a highly emaciated and dehydrated state? check.	4
let's all pay a moment of respect for those who are in charge of making the credits of movies	2
your funny bone isn't a bone&#44 a brainfreeze isn't a brain freeze&#44 your boner isn't a bone. life is a f***in lie	4
dating someone ugly who then later gets hot is the tactic stock day traders use	6
if every twenty minutes of unpaid overtime allowed you one wrestling-style-chair-attack on your immediate boss we'd all be a lot happier.	8
we accept the impossible logic of dreams easier than the reasonable logic of reality.	3
"the word ""cute"" is found in things that aren't cute. persecute. prosecute. execute. "	3
every slide is a slip'n'slide if it's raining..	3
at the beginning of society&#44 we used to try to impress others by giving them nice things&#44 then we started to try to impress others by not giving them nice things&#44 and hoarding them for ourselves&#44 instead. i wonder what's next.	8
"congressman joaquin castro quotes canadian prime minister justin trudeau&#44 who called the capitol riots an ""assault on democracy... incited by the current president""&#44 as evidence america's reputation with allies suffered  follow impeachment trial live:    "	0
the person that didn't thank you for holding the door might think about it later and self-shame into being a better person later.	5
old people will make fun of teens for having a crappy mustache/beard but will cling onto the 12 hairs on their head	7
"ireland's vaccine rollout ""catching up"" on northern ireland  "	0
malaysia high court rules christians can use the word 'allah' to refer to god	0
two people out there are the happiest couple alive without knowing.	2
your past self is both old you and young you	3
painting are actually secret currency for the rich.	6
"it would have been a good pr stunt for amazon (company) to spearhead the stopping the amazon fire that's happening. feels like a missed opportunity there.  edit: ""stopping of the amazon fire""... that typo is going to eat me up."	6
thanks to online streaming services&#44 there are people watching for the very first time classic 1990s tv shows in 2019.	2
someone with nothing is a loser. but technically you can't be a loser if you have nothing to lose.	3
in order for batman to have multiple partners&#44 each at varying ages of teen/young adulthood&#44 he'd have to be at least 50 by now.	7
with all the monopolies in the world today&#44 there still isn't one hair salon chain that is immediately recognized by everyone	1
most of the time&#44 the people who bitch about immigrants not completely knowing their new language don't even know how to use their own.	5
breaking: japan designates osaka&#44 2 other prefectures for new virus control steps as infections rise 4 months before olympics.	0
thanks to social media&#44 what happens in vegas doesn't stay in vegas&#44 at all.	5
we have a lot of smartcars with dumbass people in them.	5
dutch pm mark rutte's party wins most seats in parliamentary elections&#44 projections show	0
"warner bros.' live-action-animation hybrid ""tom &amp"	0
anime characters run with their arms straight out because it's easier to animate&#44 not because it's better. careful naruto runners: it isn't more aerodynamic&#44 just cheaper.	1
every toothbrush is recommended by dentists because they just want us to brush our teeth	2
fatherf***er doesn't have the same ring to it	3
photo gallery: highlights of some of the most compelling images made or published by @ap photographers in the europe and africa regions.	0
at some point in your life&#44 you've probably made eye contact with a murderer&#44 without even knowing it.	5
a bartender's dominant hand is most flammable	4
"instead of ""you sound like a broken record&#44"" future generations will probably say&#44 ""you're buffering."" "	3
are you asleep? is probably the stupidest and most ridiculous question ever.	2
"taken (the first one) is the closest we'll ever to get a live action&#44 r rated version of ""finding nemo"" "	1
property prices only go up because cities are only getting bigger	0
lots of small endangered insects have probably been killed by people who didn't know	0
scented candles are the fire version of tea.	1
your tongue is really good at dodging your teeth while eating.	1
kamala harris's uncle says her mother was greatest influence on her life	0
one day our phones will know when we fall asleep and automatically stop our audiobooks and podcasts.	0
tracking the pandemic in the u.s. here are the latest figures on covid-19 cases&#44 deaths and vaccinations across the country.	0
pooping is your body's revenge for eating	1
a hong kong court has denied bail to 32 out of 47 pro-democracy activists charged under a beijing-imposed national security law&#44 ending a four-day marathon court hearing.	0
"a ""grounded&#44 realistic"" version of batman would just go through therapy until he didn't need to be batman. "	4
due to increasing temperatures around the globe&#44 skiing and snowboarding might become almost exclusively indoor sports in the future	6
"a ""wish list"" is both hopeful and hopeless. "	3
"the ""its only $5&#44 why not buy it"" mentality will probably cost thousands of dollars in the long run "	8
muffins are the grown-up versions of cupcakes	2
the last guy on earth will probably be extremely rich in a bunker and wondering how to buy out of his situation.	5
before instagram&#44 sunglasses were the original filter.	6
alien worlds in sci-fi movies can have weird colors&#44 bizarre plant life&#44 extreme weather conditions&#44 or even strange noises. but nobody ever lands on a planet that just stinks like rotten eggs.	7
joe biden doesn't like facebook - that could be a big problem for mark zuckerberg	6
we love hearing the lowest frequencies that we can hear&#44 but we hate hearing the highest ones.	0
when we die&#44 atoms scatter and form into different things&#44 so there's a chance you have the same atoms that elvis had	4
breaking: iran's supreme leader says the united states must lift all sanctions if it wants tehran to return to nuclear deal.	0
the fact that we can manipulate various types of radiation to instantly communicate with people thousands of miles away is pretty freaking cool	0
what happens to regular sky scrapers when we figure out ways to make buildings twice as high.	3
coming up with a unique thought is surprisingly difficult to do.	1
if the ability to revive dead people ever happens then cremated people are gonna be quite pissed	4
someone out there&#44 there is a homeless man named rich	3
the hunt for the billions stolen by nigeria's ex-leader sani abacha	0
we as a society have evolved to dislike our natural scent.	5
when someone wears clothing that has a logo on it&#44 they become a walking advertisment	8
breaking: republicans in the u.s. house have voted to retain liz cheney as their no. 3 leader&#44 rebuffing a push by pro-trump conservatives to oust her. cheney was one of just 10 house republicans who voted last month to impeach trump.	0
an omelette with bacon and cheese take three different animals to create.	1
"your lips join when you say ""separate"" but stay apart when you say ""together"" "	3
"shoot the shit and ""crapshoot"" have two entirely different meanings. "	3
whilst receiving an invitation to a wedding provides a feeling of validation in terms of social acceptance&#44 it simultaneously evokes pure panic as one ponders how best to extricate oneself from a hideous and unwanted social interaction.	5
sometime in the future people will pay their air bill every month&#44 and no one will think it's strange. actually this can happen on mars... i believe/hope earth is moving towards clean energy so this wouldn't happen here.	0
capitol police officer brian sicknick&#44 who died at the hands of the mob that besieged the u.s. capitol on jan. 6&#44 will lie in honor next week in the building's rotunda. sicknick was hit in the head with a fire extinguisher during the riot.	0
lots of electric cars and digital cameras 'imitate' the sounds of their ancestors because humans cannot handle the sound of silence.	4
in pokémon&#44 ash feels a burden to be better and compete with others from pallet&#44 even though he faces more challenges and dilemmas than any of the other 3.	0
the majority of humans have died as orphans.	3
we freak out about other companies scamming us&#44 but have done nothing to stop printer companies from selling printers designed to break and ink cartridges worth less then a dollar for $60 or more.	0
university of alabama football fans flood the streets to celebrate their team's win&#44 ignoring social-distancing guidelines	0
einstein marrying his cousin was a full commitment to the theory of relativity.	3
the democrats' $1.9 trillion pandemic relief package is advancing in congress over republican complaints about the price tag. here's a look at highlights of the bill.	0
you can't listen to the speed of your own heartbeat without changing it.	4
nobody wants summer to end but we all want it to slow down.	3
the star trek transporter kills the original traveller&#44 whilst a copy of the person gets assembled at the destination.	4
someone who randomly did a good deed to you could be from the future seeing how bad of a day you had and stopping you from catastrophe.	4
it is possible it have a 10 generation family	0
santa claus runs a business that only delivers once a year&#44 and people still put in orders.	4
"buying a driverless cars without ads will be an ""upgrade"" subscription service "	8
one day&#44 concrete and noisy drilling will be considered a low-tech and ancient building approach.	0
burnout was an excellent game for giving kids the thrill of speed while also reminding them of the consequences	0
video proof is going to become obselete pretty damn soon with the rise and mainstreaming of deep fake technology	0
using the naruto run to run faster than bullets might not help if you're running towards ther bullets.	7
any unasked for advice is actually considered criticism	3
with the incredibly vast size of the universe&#44 it's crazy that we are small enough to even observe atoms.	0
20 years ago your phone used to interrupt your internet&#44 now your phone is your internet access	5
plants reproduce&#44 sense and respond to changes&#44 fight&#44 eat&#44 drink&#44 grow&#44 and yet vegans still murder them in mass numbers.	6
many fortune cookie fortunes may have come true&#44 you wouldn't know because no one remembers their fortunes after a few seconds anyway	1
statistically speaking&#44 queen elizabeth&#44 danny devito&#44 and betty white will all be dead 10 years from now.	7
sometimes&#44 the only reason people buy new clothes is to have higher chances of taking them off.	5
if adults in the 50s wanted kids to stop listening to rock music&#44 all they really had to do was start listening to rock music.	2
when a coin lands on heads it actually lands on tails and vise-versa	1
if those tv exorcisms aren't using actors&#44 then they must be taking advantage of people with mental instabilities&#44 so they're bad either way.	8
so much garbage has been thrown into the sea that&#44 statistically&#44 there is likely a yellow dish sponge inside of a pineapple at the bottom of the sea. somewhere.	4
gyms are a battleground between motivated people and earth's gravitational field.	4
when actors and actresses were little kids playing pretend as a chef or an astronaut or some other grown up-job&#44 they were actually always practicing their real future job of playing pretend.	2
oscar the grouch has been homeless and living in a trash can which he adapted to enjoy thanks to mental illnesses.	8
everything is made up of atoms and chemical reactions&#44 meaning cartoon characters are technically just as real as we are.	4
whatsapp to go ahead with changes despite backlash	0
cash is a universal birthday gift that everyone loves to get.	0
hong kong pro-democracy media tycoon jimmy lai denied bail while awaiting trial under new national security law	0
us humans are most likely the only living beings that know what's our bodies such as organs and our bodily systems.	0
people get all upset about declawing cats&#44 yet they have no problem cutting off their balls. wonder which the cat would prefer.	8
flat earth society is a joke and they are all laughing at us because we don't get it and take them seriously.	5
there's probably a fearless legend out there that has made a your mom joke to his own kid.	1
"in case you're forgetting&#44 ""w"" and ""double u"" have the same pronunciation. "	3
best if used by is probably the most profitable marketing campaign ever	8
iran's announcement that it will begin enriching uranium to 60% marks a significant escalation after an attack on its natanz nuclear facility. israel&#44 which has vowed never to allow tehran to obtain a nuclear weapon&#44 is suspected in the attack.	0
when something fills us with wonder we say it's wonderful. when something fills us with delight we say it's delightful. but when something fills us with awe we don't say it's awful.	3
blue is the least common color in nature but the second most common eye color	0
at one point everyone had the record of being the youngest person ever.	1
cuteness of some animals is an evolutionary adaptation to not get eaten by humans.	2
no one sees someone with any sort of rainbow pattern anymore and thinks that person must really like rainbows.	3
"ants in your pants is pretty bad&#44 but if you're someone who pronounces it the same&#44 ""aunts in your pants"" is more traumatizing. tell an adult you trust. "	1
our main source of entertainment is looking at lights change color	8
people are judged more if they drink soda than they are if they drink alcohol	5
thanks to concrete&#44 there technically is a job now where you litterally sell sand in sahara!	5
if everyone on earth with stds (chlamydia&#44 gonorrhoea) were to be wiped out&#44 and any remaining bodily fluids destroyed&#44 the world would remain std-free until new ones evolve and spread.	0
the internet probably holds all the resources needed to make anyone a millionaire but most of us are too lazy.	5
it could be that we can go through mirrors&#44 but our reflection is blocking us.	4
you could evade taxes simply by becoming a cat.	4
buying nudes on the internet is like paying for winrar	4
india man arrested for beheading his teenaged daughter	0
your mother and father once put you down and then never picked you up again.	5
every time we get a splinter or a paper cut&#44 it's like the trees got one more chance to exact revenge.	1
when someone says they're eating vegetables we don't find it odd but when someone says they're eating meat we ask for more clarification	3
the us senate is voting on whether to convict donald trump on one charge of impeachment  follow live:	0
someone somewhere is waking up the exact second you fall asleep.	1
technically everything we do is life changing	3
if we're in a simulation&#44 then there's a possibility that in the future we'll learn to communicate with our creators.	4
if dragons were real instead of dinosaurs it would make absolutely no difference to how the world is now	0
@midnight  #AmericaIn4Words  Corn syrup and salt	3
@midnight  #AmericaIn4Words  Tastes great, less filling	0
#americain4words home of walking dead @midnight	3
Even police kill you #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
What the fuck, guys? #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
Democrats America's Retarded People  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
Don't f**% with us.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Red, White, and Nudes #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
@midnight too many fat kids #americain4words	0
Bacon goes in everything #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	1
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Gun Toting Queer Bashers #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	8
We love our guns.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Fireworks blew off fingers.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	4
Need To Get Out #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
#AmericaIn4Words brass knuckles are illegal!? @midnight	6
Guns Nascar Beer Oligarchy  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
@midnight Beyonce is our queen #AmericaIn4Words	6
The movie was better. @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	6
Make War Not Love #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	3
We Were Always Great  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
Guns, God, Government Corruption #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Twerking Ever Since 2013  #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	6
Home of the trucknuts #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
We copy British television. @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	7
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words IT'S MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY! #POINTSME #JULY4THBIRTHDAY	0
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Obesity Still Runs Rampant #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	0
Every Problem Is Shootable #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Sorry for Limp Bizkit #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
Consequences are for sissies. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
Sorry, I'm from Canada. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Free Till @realDonaldTrump Wins #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	0
America merica Merica MERICA @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	0
@midnight  #AmericaIn4Words - Star Spangled Dumpster Fire	8
Coming Right For US!   #AmericaIn4Words @midnight @SadlyCatless @midnight	8
Not perfect, not Venezuela #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words We're All Bullies Here #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	6
Deep-fried Chocolate-covered Hostess Twinkie #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
#americain4words @midnight hot dog stuffed pizza	6
Wants to rule everything #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
Democrats are all Women (even the ones who stand to pee) #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Confused About Sexual Identity #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	0
Trump or Hillary? Really?! #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
But we're we really?  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Y'all mothafuckas need Jesus @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	6
Immigrants rallying against immigration #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
Conquer natives, make mascots #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
#Americain4words @midnight Land of the Lawsuits	7
Don't stop me now.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Still figuring things out #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
We won't do Metric!  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
We're all educated good.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
How Free Are You? #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
Safe 4th of July. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Political discourse: Flinging poo #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
@midnight #Americain4words Freedom with resources	7
"Home of 52"" Pants #AmericaIn4Words @midnight"	6
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words W're STILL PLAYING BASEBALL #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	6
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Other Countries Are Stupidurer #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	5
The 4th of July #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Trump might actually win. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Democratic Dummys FUCKED UP  #AmericaIn4Words  @midnight	0
There is still hope. @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	2
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Pizzas Have Hot Dogs #PointsMe #Jul4thBirthday	7
Republicans always fix Democratic-Fuckups  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Marijuana And Homosexual Approved! #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	6
@midnight #AmericaIn4Words Nation Full Of Hillbllies #PointsMe #July4thBirthday	7
When do we eat? #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Purge will become reality @midnight #AmericaIn4Words	7
@midnight  #AmericaIn4Words  Deep fried corn dogs	3
Guns. Guns. More guns!!!  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Half will vote Trump.  #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Welp, it's been nice. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	6
Complaining makes it better #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Everything delivered. Except justice. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	0
Sex, drugs and wak-a-mole. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Idiocracy's Insanely Long Prequel #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Bible Belt around neck #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
The secret is lard. #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Directed by Michael Bay #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	7
Flip-flops are formal #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	8
Guns, fine. Nipples, scary! #AmericaIn4Words @midnight	5
how much respect does my cat lose for me when I cry-masturbate? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	6
Who are those two dudes next to Hillary and Bernie? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
@midnight #BetterDebateQuestions Would you rather have your legacy preserved with presidential library, or presidential water park?	8
Do I look fat in these jeans? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
@elizacollins1 @politico but will he have all the #BetterDebateQuestions we created for them with @midnight ?	0
Knock knock #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Can you actually explain the ending to Lost? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
If a tree falls in the woods and Fox News isn't there to report on it, is it still Obama's fault? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
Who let the dogs out? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
Fold or crumple? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	3
Will you tell us up front if you are going to get a blow job in the oval office? #BetterDebateQuestions #transparency @midnight	5
@midnight Mr. Sanders, who are you wearing? #BetterDebateQuestions	5
#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight Do they offer an early bird special for prostitution?	8
#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight   How many times a day do you hear the voice of god?	8
@midnight Who is the better liar, the candidate to your left or right?  #BetterDebateQuestions	6
"@midnight After Hillary &amp; Bernie take the stage can the remaining candidates make sure to have a picture I.D. ready? #BetterDebateQuestions"	7
Does anybody remember laughter? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	6
I heard gingers don't have a soul, is that true? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	8
is keanu reeves immortal? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	4
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb and can they write it off on their taxes? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	3
If @JaredLeto wore a dress...would you?  #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	3
@midnight #BetterDebateQuestions Is your ideal voter someone who shares your beliefs, or someone who'd like to have a beer with you?	6
What is your contingency plan for the inevitable zombie apocalypse?#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
Do you believe #FoxNews is more in the bag for Jeb or Marco? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
In your opinion, who looks better in blue, Monica or the Blue Man Group? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight How will your blind narcissism be a strength regarding foreign policy?	8
Mr Trump, could you clarify who let the dogs out? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
Do you know why I pulled you over? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	6
Marry, Boff, Kill: Trump, Bush, Fiorina #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Can I get a what what? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	2
but I gotta kn-kn-kn-know wha-what's your fan-ta-ta-sy? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	0
Politics aside, Do you dress to the left or right? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
#betterdebatequestions Are these the droids you are looking for? @midnight	8
If you expect the unexpected, is it still unexpected? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
During flu season, will reporters be allowed on Air Force One?  #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
What is your stance on entering a hash tag war? #BetterDebateQuestions  @midnight	1
At my cousin Ruthie's wedding, the groom's brother was that guy Alakazam. You know who I'm talking about? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
megaloDON or heteroDONtosaruas...which Don besides Trump would you endorse? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
@midnight What non-political experiences do you bring to the table? #BetterDebateQuestions	1
Are blondes really more fun? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Is snapchat in discussion for a legitimate addiction? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	2
What is your interpretation of the movie Inception? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	3
Charmander, squirtle or bulbasaur? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
Do u even lift bro? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Does this look infected to you? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	2
Can you point to #Benghazi on a on a map, Mrs. Clinton? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	5
How do you solve a problem like Maria? @midnight  #BetterDebateQuestions	4
@midnight #BetterDebateQuestions Do you promise to 'commit to the bit'?	4
do you still have the gently used bedpans for sale on craigslist? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
Do you know the muffin man? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
George Bush! Great President or GREATEST President? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
Ready for Star Wars The Force Awakens? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
@midnight true or false: we don't give a shit about your stances, as long as you beat Trump. #BetterDebateQuestions	0
Do you want fries with that? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
"@midnight If your mistress was having an abortion, where would you tell your wife the maid is ""vacationing?"" #BetterDebateQuestions"	4
What's the deal with airline food? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	2
"@midnight @hardwick Did @tacobell &amp; @ModeloUSA go halve-sies on music/voice actor for their commercials? #BetterDebateQuestions #ChodeBottle"	1
Man Bunsyay or nay?  #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight 	4
#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight Would you rather - your gran's body with Kate Upton's face or Kate Upton's body with your gran's face?	2
How much do hair transplants cost and can you write them off on your taxes? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	4
Which one of you is picking @Beyonce as their running mate? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	2
Any of you think that Trump should have to come clean about his hair in order to continue his campaign? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
"#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight ""Fuck, Marry, Kill: JFK, Reagan, Thomas Jefferson""."	1
Who is this Ben Ghazi Fella? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Can you quack like a duck?  @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	1
Where will our country be if Trump wins? Ever seen Idiocracy... About that far... Hope u like Brawndo. #BetterDebateQuestions  @midnight	7
If H.W. is the father, and W. Is the son, what is Jeb? #BetterDebateQuestions  @midnight	7
Are you now, or have you ever been a member of the KISS Army? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Is that you, Santa Claus? #BetterDebateQuestions  @midnight	2
Hillary:  boxers or briefs?  #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
How do I get to first base? @midnight  #BetterDebateQuestions	1
Mrs. Clinton is the real reason you hid your text because of the sexting between you and President Obama #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
Which of the three little pigs do you feel you most closely resemble and why? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
Better one... or better two? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
@midnight #BetterDebateQuestions What weapon would you use while fighting off a horde of walkers?	1
@midnight Why is Donald Trump still a candidate? #BetterDebateQuestions	7
Would you rather have dick sized nipples or a nipple sized dick? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
Why not Zoidberg? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	0
What exactly do you plan to do about joke theft on Twitter? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	5
"Instead of responding ""I'm not a scientist"" to questions about science, could you actually ask a scientist? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight"	6
"Finally, we are going to go with the hardest question of the night ""What is your favorite color and why?"" #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight"	2
#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight Do you own anything other than a pant suit?	7
Who pissed in your Corn Flakes?#BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
@midnight #BetterDebateQuestions Joel Hodgson or Mike Nelson?	1
2 Part question for any of the candidates. Do you guys validate parking? and wheres the nearest strip club #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
How much cream was in your pants when you found out McDonalds serving breakfast all day? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
An NRA lobbyist falls in the forest, which one of you will kiss his booboo first #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	6
"So are you the type of person who accidentally drops an F bomb in Presidential Presence &amp; laughs? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight"	1
@midnight How many in the stink? #BetterDebateQuestions	0
What are your policies on back rubs? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	8
What's your stance on the toilet?  #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight @hardwick @nerdist	3
"Why wouldn't a ""former member"" of the Clinton Global Initiative be an unbiased moderator?! #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight"	6
Hillary would you do Bernie Sanders? Bernie vice versa. #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	7
Cocks or Glocks? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	0
Do you believe in true love? @midnight #BetterDebateQuestions	2
Seriously, Mr. Sanders? No, seriously? #BetterDebateQuestions @midnight	1
The Thin Red Flatline. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
My Left Turn Signal #FloridaAMovie @midnight	0
Pink Flamingos  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
Arsenic and OLD Lace  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	7
"Ignorance &amp; Insensibility #FloridaAMovie @midnight"	7
@Midnight To Live and Die in Del Boca Vista #FloridaAMovie	3
@midnight Grampa Gus Has Fallen #FloridaAMovie https://t.co/Q5KTBVMyaB	0
The taking of Cabana 1 2 3 #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Florida and Dumber #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight The Judge Said I am a Clear and Present Fanger to Myself and Others #FloridaAMovie	4
Steve Jobless #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
@midnight Trucker Hat On A Hot Tin Roof #FloridaAMovie	1
Before Sunset  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
Straight Outta Swampton #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
The Whore of Orlando #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
Three Men and Some Rabies #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	8
The Early Dinner Club #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Throw Miami From The Train #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
A Clockwork Orange  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
"The American ""President"" #FloridaAMovie @midnight"	7
#FloridaAMovie The Book Of Elian Gonzalez @midnight	0
Star Trek: Tattoed Fist Contact with my jaw #FloridaAmovie @midnight	1
Grumpy Old Men  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
The [Beer for] Breakfast Club #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
Jet Jacksonville Jaguar #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
Miracle Ear on 34th St #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Divergent Series: Incontinent  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
How to Be Sinkhole #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
Into the retirement village #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Bridgework of Madison County #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Sizzler's List #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight the Big Short-term Memory Loss #FloridaAMovie	3
Florida Man or (the very much expected vice of ignorance)  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
Old Fockers  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Small Danish and a Decaf Girl #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
@midnight Uncle Buck is Sleeping with My Mom #FloridaAMovie	7
Cloudy With a Chance of Saggy Old Balls #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight #FloridaAMovie The Hospital Transporter	1
THE CUBAN SYNDROME  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
It's a Wonderful Life Everywhere Else. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Butterfly Ballot Effect #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
A History of Fast Food Violence @midnight #FloridaAMovie	8
Attack on Tampa Bay #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
Citizen Cane #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
SWAMP THING  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
Spike Lee's Do the WRONG Thing: Election 2000  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	8
So, a lot of @midnight's hashtags this week involved puns. (#PoliticalSuperheroes, #GrittySeuss,  #FloridaAMovie) But I'm not punny. #371TV	3
Harry Potter and the Illegal Distribution of Bath Salts #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight  Hanging CHUD #FloridaAMovie	1
What Happens In Disney, Stays In Disney #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot and BATSHIT CRAZY  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	7
All the Illegitimate President's Men. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
"Tango&amp;Cash 4 Gold  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight"	1
@midnight #FloridaAMovie The Hateful Eighty-eights	1
THE DARK CRYSTAL METH  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	8
@midnight  Late Afternoon of the Living Dead #FloridaAMovie	1
PEACOCK  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
Stand By Me: The Marco Rubio Story #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Bang StepBros. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	6
Glades Runner #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
#FloridaAMovie Beer and Airboating In The Everglades @midnight	8
What's Eating Gilbert ORANGE?  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
@midnight @barryrothbart @chrisdelia @MeganNeuringer Tita-nic Carter #FloridaAMovie	3
@midnight How The Key West Was Won #FloridaAMovie	3
Raiders of the Lost Bath Salts', 'Total Recount': @midnight challenges internet to #FloridaAMovie 	1
The 80 Year Old Virgin #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
CADDYSHACK  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
@midnight A Miami Dolphins Tale #FloridaAMovie	1
A Place in the Sun  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	1
The Lion, The Witch, and the Guy That Screwed a Donkey  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
A Broken Mind: The Gary Busey Story #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Accidental Domestic Terrorist #FloridaAMovie @midnight	6
Martha Does Boca Raton #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Waffle House of 1000 Corpses #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight The Unbearable Unlikeness of Being Rick Scott #FloridaAMovie	1
All My Friends are Dead #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
COCOON  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
The Unbearable Lightness of Being Almost Dead #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
V for Viagra #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight #FloridaAMovie South America: Bigger Longer and Uncut	1
@midnight The Orange Mile  #FloridaAMovie	1
@midnight #FloridaAMovie Death becomes her, and her, and him, and her...	7
@midnight #FloridaAMovie Floridiotcracy	1
@midnight #FloridaAMovie Rubio In Paradise	8
Fifty Shades of Gray HAIR  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	7
TANGERINE  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
I Heartattack the Huckabees #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Wizard of Osteoporosis  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
LET'S BE COPS SHAQUILLE O'NEAL!  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight Mother, Juggalos, and Speed #FloridaAMovie #PointsMe	1
The People vs. O.J. Simpson  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	7
We Bought A Zoo (which was actually just an incarcerated drug lords mansion) #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Ants #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Bill and Ted's Excellent Colonoscopy Results #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Danish Girl, But Just a Smidge #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
"Chronicles of Florida: the Lion the Witch &amp; the Wardrobe Malfunction #FloridaAMovie @midnight"	8
Four Funerals and a Bedwetting #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
Robocop got caught with meth #FloridaAmovie @midnight	8
Alvin and the Cockroaches #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Some Like It Hot  But That Humidity? Oy. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	2
Harper Valley PGA  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
@midnight How to lose a guy in the everglades #Floridaamovie	1
Just catching up on last night's @midnight so this is a bit late #FloridaAMovie 	0
Straight Outta' Hip Surgery #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Honey, I Killed the Kids #FloridaAMovie @midnight 	3
Jurassic State #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Eighty-six Candles #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Night of the Assisted Living Dead #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Weekend at Jeb Bush's #FloridaAMovie  @midnight	7
#FloridaAMovie Chairman Of The Shuffleboard Club @midnight	1
Hotel for Specifically Little Chihuahuas #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Departed #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
State of 1,000 Corpses #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Best Exotic Del Boca Vista #FloridaAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight Senior Citizen Kane #FloridaAMovie	3
Night of the Nearly Dead #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Hateful State. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	8
WATERWORLD  #FloridaAMovie  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
Single White Widow #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
It's a wonderful life wearing socks with sandals.  #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Usual Suspect, The George Zimmerman Story. #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Walt Disney World of WarCraft #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Country For Only Old Men #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Nursing Home Alone #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
A Walker To Remember #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Dr. No Air Conditioning @midnight #FloridaAMovie	1
Cool Panhandle Luke #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
Sophie's Choice Waterfront Condo @midnight #FloridaAMovie	1
It's A Wonderful LifeAlert #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
The Land Before Timeshares #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
No Recount for Old Men #FloridaAMovie @midnight	7
Golden Girls Gone Wild #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Shawshank Early Bird Coupon Redemption   #FloridaAMovie @midnight	1
The Viagran #GOPMovies @midnight	3
#gopmovies @midnight The Man Who Shot Liberty.	7
Born on the 4th of July... in Canada @midnight #GOPMovies	7
@midnight #GOPMovies GOP Wars: A Lost Hope	1
There's something about Marco #GOPMovies @midnight	1
Failure to Launch (starring Jeb) #GOPmovies @midnight	7
@midnight #GOPMovies Crouching Hairpiece Hidden Agenda	7
@midnight #GOPMovies The Trumpit: The battle of five presidents	7
#gopmovies @midnight The Rocky Horror Culture Show	7
@midnight #GOPMovies Dude, Where Are My Votes?	8
Harry Potter and the Search for Trump's Barber @midnight #GOPMovies	7
ALIENS  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@midnight #GOPMovies Judge Dread	1
@midnight #GOPmovies The not-so-good, the really bad, and the orange-ugly.	7
@midnight Republican Congress Votes To Block Clean Water for Elephants in Flint #GOPMovies	8
TRUE LIES  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
"@midnight #GOPMovies  Bob &amp; Ted &amp; Carol &amp; Alice &amp; Kim Davis"	1
I know it's late, but my brilliance had to be shared: Fried Green Haters @midnight #GOPMovies	1
Logical People: The Last Stand #GOPMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #GOPMovies  What Ever Happened to Baby Jane's Healthcare?	7
V is for Viagra #GOPMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #gopmovies The White Stuff	7
Dunces with Wives #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Overboard Politics #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Cruzing #GOPMovies @midnight	7
The Dark Money Returns #GOPmovies @midnight	7
Trump Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Whiter Girls #GOPMovies @midnight	1
OUT OF AFRICA: The Barack Husein Obama Story  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	7
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest of Congress  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	7
What to expect when you don't want to be expecting in Kentucky @midnight #GOPMovies #GOPmovietitles	7
@midnight All the White Moves #GOPMovies	7
Captain Make America Great Again #GOPMovies @midnight	8
The Good, The Bad and The GOP. @midnight  #GOPMovies	7
Raging Elephant #GOPMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #GOPMovies Forrest Trump	7
Billion Dollar Baby  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
Risky Business  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
Bland Guys from Outer Space #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Dude, where's my gardener? #GOPMovies @midnight	1
The Undocumented Help  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	8
#GOPMovies Victor Victoria  @midnight 	7
"#GopMovies @realDonaldTrump starring in the remake of "" LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR @midnight "	8
@midnight #GOPMovies The Importance of NOT Being Ernest	8
Apocalypse Now  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	7
#gopmovies @midnight Kentucky Fried Country	7
HOME ALONE after family deported.  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	8
12 Angry Men : The Contenders  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	7
Weekend at Bernie's #GOPMovies @midnight	7
None Flew Over the Cuokoo's Nest  #GOPMovies @midnight	7
NIXON  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
The White and the Furious @midnight #GOPMovies	7
RAGING BULL   #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
Great Expectations, Mediocre Results  @midnight #GOPMovies	6
@midnight #GOPmovies 16 Angry Men (and one woman)	7
Blame It On RINO  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	7
.#GOPMovies .@midnight The Hateful  Candidates Who Whittled Down to 5	8
@midnight #GOPMovies Ben and Ted's Bogus Journey	7
@midnight #GOPmovies The Man with No Brains	7
@midnight Speed 2: Control Ted Cruz #GOPMovies	7
THE GOONIES  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	8
RED DAWN  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
@midnight #GOPMovies Minority Deport	8
#GOPMovies Sophie's only Choice - Carry child to full term  @midnight	8
Fear The Others #GOPmovies #GOPmovietitles @midnight 	8
Undocumented Children of a Lesser God  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	8
@midnight #GOPMovies Trump: The Dark World	7
Illegally Yours  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight	8
@midnight #GOPmovies Marco and the Giant Peach.	7
@midnight #GOPMovies Harold and Kumar Return to Guantanamo Bay	7
Eternal Sunshine of the Thoughtless Mind  #GOPMovies @midnight	7
@midnight Fantastic Bore #GOPMovies	7
@midnight The Wedding Singer Who Only Sings At Traditional Weddings #GOPMovies	8
Carbon Emission Impossible 3: Coal Nation @midnight #gopmovies	8
The Bad News Hairs @midnight #GOPMovies	7
Dr. Carson and Mr. Trump  #GOPMOVIES  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
You Got Conserved #gopmovies @midnight	7
Whole Country for Old White Men #GOPMovies @midnight	8
Prove You're a Citizen, Kane #GOPMovies @midnight	8
The Passion of the Cruz #GOPMovies @midnight	1
@midnight #GOPMovies  Kill Bill of Rights	8
Django UnCheney'd #GOPMovies @midnight	7
The Birther of a Nation #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Chariots of You're Fired!   #GOPMovies @midnight	7
Incredibly Loud and Extremely Close-minded #GOPMovies @midnight	8
Coultergeist #GOPMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #GOPSongs #PointsMe anything by Ted Nugent	1
Wall Me Maybe #GOPSongs @midnight	8
#GOPSongs #PointsMe @midnight At first I was afraid, I was petrified, kept thinkin I could build a wall to keep the whites inside	8
Come Buy Elections With Me #GOPSongs @midnight	8
My Mind's telling me Nobama, but my body's telling me yes... #GOPSongs  @midnight	8
"Like a Lobbyist  #GOPSongs @midnight  ""Favors for the very first time ... THIS WEEK"""	8
Anti-immigrant song #GOPSongs @midnight	8
We didn't start the fire! It was always burning since the world's been turning 6000 years ago #GOPSongs @midnight #PointsMe	8
She Blinded Me With Creationism #GOPSongs @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight Blurred Lines #GOPSongs #PointsMe https://t.co/eV4mEWbrSz	7
Loaded Arms wide open #GOPSongs  @midnight	7
@midnight #PointsMe #GOPSongs all i want in congress is majority(all i want for Christmas)	7
@midnight #gopsongs #PointsMe I don't like black people I don't go to other countries: an album by earl sweatshirt	7
#GOPSongs @midnight Trump on it by the Capitol Hill Gang #PointsMe	7
#GOPSongs  Money For Nothing (while we're in Dire Straits)  #PointsMe @midnight	8
Gays are on the Highway to Hell #GOPSongs @midnight	8
@midnight One is the Loveliest Percent #GOPSongs	8
Ivory and Ivory #GOPSongs @midnight	8
#GOPSongs @midnight Obama don't like you and he likes everyone #PointsMe	7
Comfortably Dumb #GOPSongs @midnight	7
You're Still The One Percent  #GOPSongs @midnight	8
#GOPSongs I wonder why @midnight DIDN'T do #MuslimSongs? (Oh, yeah, that's right!) #SouthPark #hypocrisy 	8
"@midnight ""I can't watch this race 'cus I vote blue"" #GOPSongs #PointsMe"	7
It's the end of the world as we know it, but I clutch to outdated policies and bury my head in the saaaand ... #GOPSongs @midnight	8
My Name is (Muslim Shady) #GOPSongs  @midnight	7
"@midnight #GOPSongs #PointsMe silent night-&gt;violent whites"	7
What Does Fox News Say? #GOPSongs @midnight	7
Paradise By the Airport Bathroom Light #GOPSongs @midnight	7
Just Another Prick and a Wall #GOPSongs @midnight	7
#GOPSongs Gun Control to Major Tom @midnight #PointsMe	8
"@midnight ""I'm dreaming of a white Christmas"" #GOPSongs #PointsMe"	8
Bush It (Bush it real good) #GOPSongs @midnight	2
"@midnight ""Camp Town Racists"" #GOPSongs #PointsMe"	8
Benghazi No. 9 #GOPSongs @midnight	7
#IfIWerePresident @ChickfilA would be open on Sundays @midnight	1
@midnight Canadians can run right ? #IfIWerePresident	1
#IfIWerePresident  I would make orange the new white, not black-Donny Drumpf @midnight	7
#IfIWerePresident every State of the Union address would end with a mic drop @midnight	1
"I said this: @NameGirl  @midnight ""...Compile tweets by cause and we'll make big changes! #IfIWerePresident   "	1
#IfIWerePresident I would invest in our education and health system instead of weapons and war @midnight	0
#IfIwerePresident Harleys would be free Cages would be illegal, and Gemma would be my bitch @midnight #HashTagWars	1
@midnight #IfIWerePresident I'd make Rob Ford look sane.	1
#IfIWerePresident the world would get to meet the cutest first dog ever!! @midnight 	1
#IfIWerePresident I'd be impeached immediately for being Canadian. @midnight	1
@midnight #IfIWerePresident @hardwick would be Press Secretary and all briefings would be in #HashtagWars format	1
#IfIWerePresident Bohemian Rhapsody would be the national anthem @midnight	1
#IfIWerePresident Trump might not look so bad... @midnight	1
"@midnight #IfIWerePresident.  If I were President . . . #I'dMoveToCanada  I'd move to Canada!  ;)"	0
@midnight I would send Kanye to Iraq so he can see that being a pop star is not as hard as being in the army #IfIwerepresident	1
#IfIWerePresident ...I would make sure that the ACA covered dental-, vision-, and mental health, as well. @Midnight #HashtagWars	0
#IfIWerePresident Politicians would selected in the Thunderdome. @midnight	1
@midnight #IfIWerePresident no intern would be safe.	5
I'd pander during the election, I'd form a cabinet of douches, then I'd give in to special interests. #ifIWerePresident @midnight	8
#IfIWerePresident I would just sleep all day! @midnight	0
#IfIWerePresident 1st Lady Auditions  .@midnight 	0
@midnight Donald Trump would be deported #IfIWerePresident	0
@midnight #IfIWerePresident Florida would not be allowed to vote for President.....EVER!	0
"#IfIWerePresident ""Press 1 to speak to a live person."" Mandatory. $10K fine for non-compliance.  @midnight"	1
#IfIWerePresident the day after Flag Day will be Freak Flag Day @midnight	3
#IfIWerePresident my Cabinet would just be cats. @midnight	1
Historically, I'd oversleep and eventually get fired. @midnight #IfIWerePresident	0
#IfIWerePresident I'd pardon Dad so we could be together again... @midnight	0
#IfIWerePresident my estranged children would finally know where I was @midnight	0
"I'd be all: ""What the hell am I doing in this one bedroom apartment in Little Armenia?"""	1
#IfIWerePresident I would make all my policy decisions by asking one question: What would Gary Busey do? @midnight	1
POINTS for everyone not just the 1% #IfIWerePresident @midnight	0
#IfIWerePresident That would mean a lot of people made some very bad decisions. @midnight	1
#IfIWerePresident All mass transportation would have people with kids sections separate from those that like to have nice things. @midnight	1
All legal currency will be converted to casino chips with Trumps face stamped on it. #IfTrumpWins @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins Putin will receive a Nobel peace prize. @midnight	1
Canada is going to build a wall to keep out Americans out. #IfTrumpWins @midnight	5
#IfTrumpWins Art of the Deal will replace the Constitution @midnight 	7
Ask not what you can do for your country. But what Canada can do for you. #IfTrumpWins @midnight	5
"@midnight @tikibetty ""Canada builds a wall #IfTrumpWins "" ? I'd like to be the one to say ""South Park Did It! South Park Did It!"" =P hee hee"	1
#IfTrumpWins I'm taking @crimmins advice and putting all my money on the Mexican pole vaulting team. @midnight	3
#IfTrumpWins Vladimir Putin will laugh for the first time. @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins he will give Flint a huge discount for using Trump water @midnight	8
"#IfTrumpWins maintained lawns &amp; gardens will be a thing of the past. @midnight"	8
Pray...for...mojo. @midnight #IfTrumpWins	1
"#iftrumpwins I'll take a four year ""gap year"" @midnight"	3
Canada will build a wall #iftrumpwins @midnight	5
@midnight #IfTrumpWins I will automatically believe in unicorns and dragons	5
#IfTrumpWins avengers assemble! @midnight	1
#IfTrumpWins he will probably take all presidential calls from his bankrupt hotel in New York @midnight	8
#IfTrumpWins there won't be any fruit because there won't be anyone around to pick it. @midnight	8
"#IfTrumpWins Dick Cheney will have won his wager with Satan &amp; ascend throne as the new Prince of Darkness .@midnight "	8
The country will become the prequel to Idiocracy. #IfTrumpWins @midnight	7
@midnight Mandatory education at Trump College #IfTrumpWins	8
Thanks, @midnight for including me in your TOP 10 #IfTrumpWins 	0
#IfTrumpWins America will be breaking the International Chemical Warfare Treaty.  It's called Trump Cologne @midnight	7
@midnight #IfTrumpWins Mexico will pay for a wall the surrounds Donald Trump.	5
#IfTrumpWins America will drown in a flood thanks to the wall built around the country. @midnight	5
#IfTrumpWins people with tiny hands won't ever have to justify their size @midnight	7
@midnight #IfTrumpWins thousands of people with torches forming a giant T slowly rotating as copies of the constitution are burned	8
There will be no more Truffle Butter for the Lemon Parties @midnight #IfTrumpWins	7
#IfTrumpWins Bear's dream of staying in the Lincoln Bedroom @WhiteHouse may come true. #Armageddon #Election2016 @midnight	7
@midnight #IfTrumpWins Hitler, Mussolini and Saddam will finally have a 4th for their Bridge game.	8
#IfTrumpWins Nickleback will be the Vice President @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins Canada builds a wall @midnight	5
#IfTrumpWins there will be tiny fingers on the nuclear button. @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins glove sizes will start at Presidential and move up to Medium, then Regular @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins all orange crayons will be renamed flesh tone. @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins father/daughter dances will take on a whole new meaning. @midnight	8
#IfTrumpWins I hope Wall-E's journey inspires us to come back to Earth someday @midnight	8
#IfTrumpWins the stay puft marshmallow man will  wreak havoc in every major city @midnight	7
#IfTrumpWins we will have hell toupee. @midnight	3
#IfTrumpWins the Mayans were only 4 years off. @midnight	3
#IfTrumpWins I'm getting Marty McFly to try to steal the sports almanac back from him @midnight	3
Donner Party Yelp review...not great #InternetThePast @midnight	3
"#InternetThePast @midnight Mesopotamians be like, ""First."""	1
"1 holocaust you won't believe happened &lt;clickhere&gt; #InternetThePast @midnight"	8
@midnight The Fifth of November was an inside job! #InternetThePast	8
@midnight @hardwick The Troll'd War #InternetThePast #PointsMe	1
Foursquare and 7 memes ago @midnight  #InternetThePast	1
Gettysburg IP Address @midnight #InternetThePast #PointsMe	1
Take the Quiz: Which Henry VIII Wife Are You? #InternetThePast @midnight	1
Periscoping The Titanic #InternetThePast @midnight #pointsme	1
The Cuban Missile Facebook post (the US did not like this) #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Snopes Monkey Trial #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe	4
Little Boy is dropping this bomb new mix tape on Hiroshima tonight. World star. #InternetThePast @midnight	5
@midnight  Clear History  #InternetThePast	7
"#InternetThePast @midnight Michael Jackson sees how people make fun of the @Drake video and is like ""Fuck it. I ain't revolutionizing shit."""	1
One Does Not Simply... ... Invade Poland. #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	5
I regret I only have one email address to give for my country #InternetThePast @midnight	1
Moses parted the Reddit Sea #InternetThePast @midnight	3
I regret I have but 3 lives to give for my country...4 if I get a guild to help quest for the regeneration cloak. #InternetThePast @midnight	1
@midnight #InternetThePast shot in the back by Buford Tannon over a matter of an 80 GB iPod.	5
Cleopatra-hot or not? #InternetThePast @midnight	1
4 score and 7 memes ago... #InternetThePast @midnight	1
Gettysburg email Address #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe	3
When Troy fell from a Trojan horse, virus  #InternetThePast @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight John Belushi is a vine star and doesn't want to take the pay cut to go on @nbcsnl	1
#InternetThePast The Valentines Day Meme Generator @chadopitz @midnight	3
@midnight #InternetThePast The Reddit Headed League	3
@midnight The Klondike Bitcoin Rush #InternetThePast	3
Pizza Ratification of the Constitution #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
The Rebecca Black Death #InternetThePast @midnight  #friday13th	7
The Great Lincoln-Deez Nuts Debate of 1858 #InternetThePast @midnight	3
The Assassination of Archduke Franz Instagram #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
#InternetThePast   Amendment 34   @midnight  #PointsMe	3
#InternetThePast @midnight The Zapruder Film is way better quality and there's hundreds of them from all different angles on @liveleak	1
@midnight #InternetThePast Friend Request for fire.	1
@midnight #InternetThePast The Soul Vine	1
fourscore and seven vines ago #InternetThePast @midnight	1
@midnight #InternetThePast  WWW II #PointsMe	0
The Trojan Catfish #InternetThePast  @midnight	3
Gettysburg Hotmail address  #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe	3
Buzzfeed presents Ten Rights America is going to give you. #InternetThePast @midnight	3
@midnight #InternetThePast The Internet Browsing History Trail of Tears	1
Boston Tea Party? Pics or it didn't happen. #InternetThePast @midnight	1
"The Premiere of Singled Outbox... ;-) #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight"	1
land owning white males only   #InternetThePast @midnight	1
@midnight #InternetThePast The Underground Network	3
#InternetThePast @midnight JFK dick pics.	1
The Boston http Party #InternetThePast @midnight	3
The Subtweety of Versailles  #InternetThePast @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight The Real Wives of Henry The VIII	3
Google Chrome wasn't built in a day #InternetThePast @midnight	1
"@midnight  Gunfight at the ""meh"" corral #internetthepast #pointsme"	1
The Third Pubic War #InternetThePast @midnight	3
8 countries Germany just can't stand on Buzzfeed #InternetThePast @midnight	1
9/1/1939 The Orcs invade Azeroth. #InternetThePast @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Benjamin Franklin never discovers electricity because he's using it to watch @DudePerfect videos all day.	1
The Spamming at Normandy @midnight #InternetThePast	3
The Swimming of the English 4-Channel #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight The Oregon Troll #InternetThePast	3
The Challenger Explosion Accepted #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Instagraming the Alamo  #InternetThePast #PointsMe	3
"@midnight #InternetThePast Henry the 5th ""#NetflixAndKillAllTheLawyers"""	3
Yelp Review: Donner's ⭐️⬜️⬜️⬜⬜️ Attended a party here. Horrific service. Food was stringy and cold. #InternetThePast @midnight	1
The Battle of Ermahgerd Beach #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Henry Comstock Discovers the Motherboard Lode	3
Not only do I disagree with you, I think you're as bad as the baby that was born in Braunau am Inn the other day! #InternetThePast @midnight	1
@midnight Nyan Katrina #InternetThePast	1
4Cave /mammoths/ #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Yukon Gold Membership Rush #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Women of #Britain. Tweet into the Internet.  #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe 	3
Blitzkegal of the Luftwaffle #InternetThePast @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Helen Of Troy is just some girl in @taylorswift13 's squad who's always trying to start Twitter wars.	1
@midnight The Boston Lemon Party. #InternetThePast	3
The Bitcoin rebellion @midnight #InternetThePast	3
@midnight Instagramophone #InternetThePast #PointsMe	3
Screaming Goethe #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
Give me liberty or give me likes #InternetThePast @midnight	1
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this firewall! #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe	1
we hold these truths to be self evident, that http://reddit.com/r/all  men are created equal #pointsme #internetthepast @midnight	1
When Biggie Shot Tu-rn CAPSLOCK OFF! #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	1
#InternetThePast @midnight Mark Zuckerberg never creates Facebook and everyone still uses Myspace and the world is exactly the same.	1
The Secret Bombing of Lmaos #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Dr Seuss wrote Nyancat in the Hat #InternetThePast	1
#InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe   Custer's Last Tripod	3
@midnight JFK Assassins Creed #internetthepast #pointsme	3
"Mercator (powered by Google) wants to update location ""Santa Maria"" for user ""Columbus"".   Allow?   #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight"	1
"@midnight #InternetThePast ""Give me 4G or give me death"" -Patrick Henry"	1
@midnight #InternetThePast The Federalist Blog.	3
The Gettysburg URL  @midnight #InternetThePast	3
The First Iracks, racks, racks War. #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	1
President Kennedy photo shopped in the head @midnight #InternetThePast	1
The Great Firewall of China @midnight #internetthepast #PointsMe	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Fresh new slaves for sale on eBay! Hurry! Supplies are limited!!!	3
The Vietnam nom nom War #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
The blog of Anne Frank @midnight #InternetThePast	3
#InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe  The Boston Lemon Party	3
Retweet the Alamo #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Flamewar of 1812 #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Constitutional ammendments decided by comment up-votes #InternetThePast @midnight	3
Buzzfeed's Top 10 Commandments #InternetThePast @midnight	3
The eBay of Pigs  #InternetThePast @midnight	3
alt.religion.thereisonlyonegod.thatisthesungod.ra.ra.ra #InternetThePast @midnight	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Freddy Mercury has a laugh when Liberace shows up in his toilet stall after answering a CL casual encounter ad.	1
( this is in terrible taste, but... ) The Bombing of Nagasaki-mail #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Genghis Connectivity Problems #InternetThePast	3
Craigslist - For Sale: Louisiana Territory. Includes jazz, hot sauce, and a bs Saints bandwagon. Best offer. #InternetThePast @midnight	1
Bae of Pigs @midnight #InternetThePast	3
World of Statecraft #InternetThePast  @midnight #PointsMe	3
Battle of Emo Jima #InternetThePast @midnight #PointsMe	3
Tiananmen FourSquare @midnight #InternetThePast	3
@midnight #InternetThePast the Lincoln Douglass E-Bates.	3
The Federalist EULA @midnight  #InternetThePast	3
Edison trolls Tesla's youtube channel. #InternetThePast @midnight #Tesla	3
Woodstock Spotify Festival @midnight  #InternetThePast #PointsMe	3
"World Wide Web War I  ... &amp; II #InternetThePast #PointsMe @midnight"	3
#InternetThePast @midnight Craigslist: Clean One owner! 1961 Lincoln Continental 4 Door Convertible for sale. Contact J Kennedy for details.	3
To tweet or not to tweet. That is the question... #InternetThePast @midnight	3
The photo bombing of pearl harbor @midnight #InternetThePast	3
@midnight LOLcatherine the Gr8. #InternetThePast	3
Professor Xavier's Electoral College for Gifted Youngsters #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight Super-PAC Man!!!! #PoliticalSuperheros	3
Iron Face Pelosi #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
Rand's Al Ghul @midnight #PoliticalSuperHeros	3
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros AquaRio Man... He really sucks	3
Captain Combover #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
Bernie-is-so-old-he-may-as-well-be-Dead pool #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Wait...you can't nominate the next Supreme Court Justice League #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
"Barbara ""Kick-Ass"" Boxer. #politicalsuperheros @midnight"	3
#PoliticalSuperheros Choke The Photographer Out-Man @midnight	7
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros The Blue State Lantern	1
#PoliticalSuperheros John Quincy Ant-Man @midnight	3
Supreme Court Justice League #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
The Disappearing Man AKA Jeb Bush #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Dan Quailman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros The Supreme Court of Justice League	3
Bob Dolemite #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Hulk-FiliBuster #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	3
"@midnight Late to the game... We do ""Debtpool"" yet? #PoliticalSuperheros"	7
Filibuster twins #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
#politicalsuperheros Guardians of the KKK @midnight #RepublicanParty #politicalsupervillans	7
Klanzam Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Brown v Legion of Doom #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Donald Despero #politicalsuperheros @midnight 	3
Flint McAgain - aka Brittaman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
The poorly timed Joker #PoliticalSuperheros   @midnight	7
#politicalsuperheros Lord of the Gerrymander-ring @missdaizy @midnight	7
Under The Table Dog #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Donald 'The Goon' Trump @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	8
@midnight The Blob, Chris Christie #PoliticalSuperheros	7
Professor Xs niXon #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Ronald Ray-Gun #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Senator Sinestro #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
The Rock Obama #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight 	7
The Green Launderer... #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Deadpoll #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Flint Aqua Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
HIL HYDRA @midnight #politicalsuperheros	8
Not a superhero but @midnight Donald trumpgrave #politicalsuperheros #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain	8
Dr. Carson Manhattan -  Apathetic 2 all the fruit salads of life that are  Americans #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight 	7
Captain Merica #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
John McBane #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Incoherent Rant Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Captain America is Already Great  @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros #FuckDrumpf	5
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros YOU WOULDNT LIKE ME WHEN IM OFFENSIVE! its the orange trump!	7
Darkwing LameDuck #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Robert C. Byrd-Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
.@midnight Ben Carson the Silver Sleeper #politicalsuperheros	7
Hillary Ram Dat Clitman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Democrat Woman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Palin Potts @midnight #PoliticalSuperHeros	7
@midnight Professor X-Pat #PoliticalSuperheros	8
Longshot @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros 	7
Roe vs Wade Wilson #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Anung un RamaCare #politicalsuperheros @midnight	8
@midnight #politicalsuperheros The invisible jeb #pleaseclap	7
@midnight Hillary Quinton #PoliticalSuperheros	3
#PoliticalSuperheros The Rooseveltveteen Rabbit @midnight	3
The league of unscrupulous gentlemen #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Teenage Mutant Mitch McConnell #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
#PoliticalSuperheros Invisible Girl AKA Carla Fiorina @midnight	7
Green Randtern #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Bernman #politicalsuperheros  @midnight	3
@BernieSanders #politicalsuperheros  @midnight	0
Fat Cat Woman  #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros  Ben Grimm Carson	7
Duperman... The ability to con citizen into thinking he cares about them...@midnight #politicalsuperheros	8
SuperGerryman...dering.  #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Green Card Lanturn @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	8
The mind eraser dr ben #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
The Incredible Newt #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
#politicalsuperheros The Scarlet Clinton @missdaizy @midnight	3
Lex Lobbyist #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	8
Optimus Primary #politicalsuperheros @midnight	7
LGB-Kitty Pryde #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	7
#PoliticalSuperheros Phony Stark. @midnight	3
"Wonder-Herpes Hillary ""Thanks Bill"" #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight"	7
@midnight #PoliticalSuperHeros   The Black Panderer	6
FilibuStorm. #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
#PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight  Dark RightWing Duck	8
Hillrazer #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Leader of the egg army #politicalsuperheros @midnight	7
Apache Chief of Staff #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
@realDonaldTrump replacing @perlmutations as Hairboy #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
Harry Reid Richards #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros  Hillary Ratman Clinton	7
#PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight  Sandersman	6
Super Delegate #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Martian, Mexican, and Muslim Manhunter #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
Abe Lincoln Sapien #politicalsuperheros @midnight	7
Fatman and Robbin' #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight 	6
Hair Grey #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	4
Ghost speech writer @midnight #politicalsuperheros	4
Dead Kennedys #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Trump, son of Stone #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
@midnight Wonder Warren  #PoliticalSuperheros	1
Thorrin Hatch #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
ruth darth vader ginsberg #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	4
G.I.Jokers #RepubicanParty #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	7
#PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight  Captain Make America Great Again.	3
Invisible Jeb. #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
Abraham Lincomic-coln #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	4
@midnight #politicalsuperheros it's a bird, it's a plane,. It's SUPER PAC	3
Guardians of the Bigotry #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Tax Evation Avengers. #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	6
#PoliticalSuperheros Mr.Incredibly-out-of-touch. @midnight	8
@midnight The Silver Slander  #PoliticalSuperHeros	7
@midnight #PoliticalSuperheros Scarlett Palin	3
Madam Pantsuit #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Anti-Abomination #PoliticalSuperheros  @midnight	3
Deadpollster  #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight Tricky Dick Grayson #PoliticalSuperheros	3
The Green Card Lantern #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	6
.@midnight The Abstinence-only seX men #politicalsuperheros	3
WONDER when she will release the transcripts WOMAN @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	3
The Dark Knight rises and makes America great again #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
Shiva #Trump - Destroyer of the (GOP) world #PoliticalSuperHeros @Midnight	3
Project X Clinton..declassified #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
"FATman &amp; Rubio #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight "	3
Republican War Machine  #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Dr. Strange Everett Coop #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	6
Attorney General Zod #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	3
Green Card U-Turn Arrow #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight Deadpolls the highest numbers #PoliticalSuperHeros	6
#PoliticalSuperheros The Trumpinator @midnight	1
Super Tuesday Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Odin All-Deadbeat-Father #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Trump vs Cruz: Dawn  of Stupid #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	6
Sentinel Majority Leader #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	8
Captain Vetted #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight fantastic gore #politicalsuperheros	7
@midnight   Lech Walesa #PoliticalSuperheros	7
Old Ass Mutant McConnell Turtle  @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	7
Baberiham Lincoln #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
The Crow's Feet #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Bad hair man @midnight #Politicalsuperheros	3
He-Man Cain #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
The Avengers of 9/11 #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
Ragnarok the vote #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Reidler #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	3
Spidermayor #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Super Pac #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	3
Mr. Uuuuge #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	1
#PoliticalSuperheros @midnight  SPLAT-MAN 	1
Bernie Sandman @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	3
Super Tuesday with sidekick Dynamo Delegate #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Grass Groots #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Rant Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Iron Worker Lobbyistman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
CAn't Man #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
@midnight Kochmen and Robbin' #PoliticalSuperheros	3
Supermajorityman #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Antonin Man  #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
All I got is @RonFunches for @potus   @midnight   #PoliticalSuperHeros	6
Elizabeth Warren-Woman #PoliticalSuperHeros  #Heroines @midnight @elizabethforma	6
@midnight #politicalsuperheros teenage mutant Mitch McConnell's	3
Teenage Mutant Ninja Caucus #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
Malcolm X-Men #PoliticalSuperHeros @midnight	3
The Green Lantern Jon Stewart #politicalsuperheros @midnight	3
#politicalsuperheros @midnight Any-candidate Two-face #politicalsupervillans	3
Barnyard the depp dog destroyer from down under @midnight #politicalsuperheros 	3
Batman and Robbin' from the poor #PoliticalSuperheros @midnight	3
I demand a ReCount Man @midnight #PoliticalSuperheros	3
Kasich, The Invisible Man  #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
If they wear a legitimate cape, their bodies know to shut down. #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	1
@midnight Janet Wolvereno #PoliticalSuperHeroes	1
Dr Carson Strange @midnight #PoliticalSuperheroes	3
ThatGuy Who Threw His Shoe At George W Bush #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
Avengers: Age of Ultrump #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Ambiguously Vague Duo #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
Captain No Planet #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
Captain 'Merica #PoliticalSuperheroes @midnight	3
Captain Take Back America @midnight #PoliticalSuperheroes	7
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause you can call someone a c*nt and still feel like a lady.	7
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause Buckingham palace is for sale on Craigslist	3
"@midnight #VisitBritainBecause  To find the person that started ""#brexit"" to make sure he didn't mean ""#breakfast"""	3
#VisitBritainBecause in a few months it'll be like a real-life #GameofThrones @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause it's a 'great' country!!! @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause where else can you bangers and mash with a spotted dick? @midnight	3
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause The English Nat'l Team is back home, know...  #EURO2016	3
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause No one gets upset by you asking for a fag	3
#VisitBritainBecause it shall be gone in a fortnight @midnight	3
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause Trump isn't always there	7
#VisitBritainBecause pretty soon there will be nothing left but the remains. @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause my house is older than your country and that fact slightly screws with your minds (built circa 1530) @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause it's your last chance to see the Buckingham Palace guards before they're deployed to the front lines. @midnight	6
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause it will soon host the worlds largest yard sale	6
#VisitBritainBecause you can take a bath in a town called Bath! @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause Who else will now? @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause Merica just ain't that great no more. @midnight	7
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause who really likes flavor in their food?	7
#VisitBritainBecause Doctor Who. Duh @midnight	3
@midnight a bit late but here I go... #VisitBritainBecause the next prime minister might be an american	3
#VisitBritainBecause I need you to help me get out of here. @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause fish and chips mate @midnight	7
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause You might see Thor trying to stop the convergence in London.  Or maybe Selvig not wearing any pants.	3
#VisitBritainBecause we haven't met our quota of foreigners killed trying to take a picture while crossing Abbey Road. @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause it'll up your chances of getting to punch Nigel Farage right in his smug fucking face @midnight	3
R + L = J #VisitBritainBecause @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause On the other side is to much Big Ben and Parliament plus it's hard to get left. @midnight 	3
#VisitBritainBecause we have the healthiest teeth @midnight	8
Come for Paul, stay for Ringo. #VisitBritainBecause @GregProops @midnight 	3
If they made Tom Hardy, they can't all be bad. #VisitBritainBecause #SexySexyManmeat @midnight	3
Cheerio, @midnight top tweeters! @SheJStaz @jeff_hofmann @tonygoldmark #VisitBritainBecause Good luck tonight!  	5
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause you missed your connecting flight to somewhere more exciting and are forced to spend the night there	5
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause There's no @reaDonldTrump	3
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause  its where Greg Proops spent his wilderness years. He could have starved.	6
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause the weather isn't good! It is summer and we are still wearing coats! 	6
#VisitBritainBecause Thom Yorke will fuckin' hate it. @midnight	1
#VisitBritainBecause warm beer and cold rain means less Jimmy Buffett @midnight	7
#VisitBritainBecause a tea party there has people attending that can spell. @midnight	7
#VisitBritainBecause Hogwarts Is Going To Shut Down & Reopen As A Fuddruckers. @hardwick @midnight	3
#VisitBritainBecause Monty Python was a documentary as far as you know. @midnight	3
"#VisitBritainBecause ""It's 11:59 and 59 seconds"" is much more dramatic when big Ben is involved @midnight"	3
#VisitBritainBecause Who wouldn't want to walk on a gravelly beach under an omnipresent, overcast sky? @midnight	3
@midnight #VisitBritainBecause Trump doesn't know where it is and will never find you.	7
#VisitBritainBecause Tilda Swinton is molting. @midnight	3
I'll #VisitBritainBecause I want to buy some castles, I hope they're having a sale @midnight	3
@midnight @TyLabine @steveagee @TonyDanza @DougBenson  This is an easy one DOUG BENSON...that is all #420Celebs	3
@midnight Stonan O'Brien #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight Little Hemporer #420Celebs https://t.co/KnuiaP428y	3
David Hasslehuff #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs Beethoven's eighth	3
Squint Howard #420Celebs @midnight	3
Norman Weedus #420Celebs @midnight	3
Patchoulia Louis-Dreyfus #420Celebs @midnight	3
Anne Hash #420Celebs @midnight	3
Mahotbox Ganjadi #420celebs @midnight	3
Dame Judi Dank @midnight #420Celebs	3
@midnight John Lee hookah  #420Celebs	3
@midnight #420Celebs Mary Jane Blige	3
#420Celebs @midnight Daniel Radspliffe as Harry Pothead	3
MK Ultron #420Celebs @midnight https://t.co/PcPNxaVf0i	3
@midnight Nicole Munchie #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight BUDdy holly #420Celebs	3
#420Celebs @midnight Woody Harrelstems	3
John Lemon.. Haze #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs Vape Beckinsale @midnight	3
Rollin' Atkinson #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Jon Bong Jovi #420celebs	3
@midnight Nug Benson #420Celebs	3
Gwen Spliffani #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Barack Obonga #420Celebs	3
Sesh Green #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs Kief Richards @midnight	3
@midnight  #420Celebs Shaqed	3
@midnight Dustin cough to get offman #420Celebs	3
Josh Bowlin #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs Selma Hukka @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs Taylor Spliffed	3
@midnight #420Celebs Bud Holly	3
"#420Celebs  .@midnight Donald ""J"" Trump ...Paranoid; Rambling; Distorted take on Reality --Must be smokin' dust https://t.co/I1Eq8Ie9X5"	3
#420Celebs @midnight Billy Bong Thorton	3
@midnight Opium Winfrey  #420Celebs	3
@midnight Sylvester Sostoned #420celebs	3
@midnight #420celebs President Barrack Obonga	3
Humphrey Bogart #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Michael J. (Hot) Box #420Celebs	3
Lucy Bongless #420Celebs @midnight	3
Stoned Old Steve Austin @midnight  #420Celebs	3
Dj khaLIT @midnight #420celebs	3
@midnight #420Celebs George W Kush	3
#420celebs  .@midnight  Dennis HAZEbert https://t.co/ZrjZnU8K3e	3
@midnight #420Celebs Packin Oswalt	3
#420Celebs Notorious THC @midnight	3
@midnight Jonah Hookah #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight Chris Harsh bong rip #420celebs	3
@midnight Neil DeGrass-Tyson #420Celebs	3
Blunt Shelton #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs Bong Pardo	3
"The Artist Formerly Known as ""Whhaaaaat?!"" #420Celebs @midnight"	3
Christopher Weeds #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Inhaley Schumer #420Celebs #JointsMe #pointsme	3
Nobody went with Emily Blunt? #420Celebs @midnight	3
Bong Rip Torn @midnight #420Celebs	3
Puff Puff Pass Daddy. @midnight #420Celebs	3
#420Celebs @midnight   Doobie Reynolds  J. R. R. Tokin' Alicia Bringin' In a Couple of  Keys	3
Justin Dank Smoak #420Celebs @midnight	3
Afghan Kusher #420Celebs @midnight	3
Crystals Gayle #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs The one and only @TherealRVD!	3
#420Celebs  .@midnight  Cardinal KUSHing @hardwick 	3
Barry Bongwater #420Celebs @midnight	3
This one's a golden one: @midnight Ku$ha @KeshaRose #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
#420Celebs Jb Bush  @midnight 	3
Johnny Cashed #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Cottonmouth Mathers #420Celebs https://t.co/7oUmxYBHdy	3
#420Celebs @midnight  Indica.arie Dank Azaria Emily Blunt, duh Johnny Hash Dugout Benson ftw	3
Angela Querkle #420Celebs @midnight	3
H. Jon Benjamin, the H is for high. #420celebs @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs Donald Bluntf	3
#420Celebs @midnight Helen RedEye	3
Norman Weedus. @midnight #420Celebs	3
#420Celebs @midnight Chronica Lewinsky	3
Morgan Weedman #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Billy Crystal Bong #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight #420celebs Keef Richards	3
@midnight  Doug Bongson #420Celebs	3
Mary J. Blaze @midnight #420celebs	3
@midnight #420Celebs Sylvester Soooostoned	3
It's #TimeToBernieSanders @midnight #420Celebs	3
Chris harsh-hit @midnight #420celebs	3
@midnight #420Celebs Deal DaGrass Buysome	3
Ganja Clooney @midnight #420Celebs	3
Jordan Sparks a fatty #420Celebs @midnight	3
Doobie Gillis #420Celebs @midnight	3
The Hindu kardashians #420Celebs @midnight	3
Vape Vigoda #420Celebs @midnight	3
Charles Nelson Highly #420Celebs @midnight	3
Drew Trees #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight George W, Kush...explains a lot... #420celebs	3
Bruce Bongleitner #420Celebs @midnight	3
Run THC #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs Ripped Taylor @midnight	3
Snoop Bong #420Celebs @midnight since I don't do drugs that's the best I've got	3
"#420Celebs  .@midnight JOINT Session of Congress ..must be Stoned-Argue same BS; Never get Anything done @hardwick https://t.co/JRYzIx1chU"	3
@midnight Chronica Blew-insky.  #420celebs	3
Mean Seth Green #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight  Mary Jane and Ashely Toking #420Celebs	3
Spike Lee Joint #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight Richard Prior drug offences  #420Celebs	3
@midnight Nikki Blaze-up #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight #420Celebs Mary Jane Seymour	3
@midnight Tokie O'Donnell #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
@midnight Seth Tokin' #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
"Bogart &amp; Misspell Obama  #420celebs @midnight"	3
Kim Bong-Il @midnight #420Celebs just because	3
Barack Obong #420Celebs @midnight	3
CBD Cooper #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs Chris Hempwick @midnight	3
@midnight #420Celebs Hillary Dank.	3
Emmanuel Kant remember st  #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight William who's Holdin' #420Celebs	3
#420Celebs @midnight Oliver Stoned	3
@midnight Spliffany-Amber Thiessen #420Celebs	3
The Chronic formally smoked by Prince #420Celebs @midnight	3
Since she's going to be on the $20 bill, more like Harriet Dub-man, amirite?  #420Celebs @midnight	3
Indiana Indica Jones #420Celebs @midnight	3
"Paul F Tomkins  (the ""F"" stands for Funions) #420Celebs @PFTompkins @midnight"	3
Justin Reefer #420Celebs @midnight @justinbieber	3
Keith Herban #420Celebs @midnight	3
Snoop D O Double Giggle #420Celebs @midnight	3
@midnight January--WHOA. #420Celebs #JointsMe #PointsMe	3
#420celebs   .@midnight  BONEy James https://t.co/GGUfwfcgn1	3
Berry White #420Celebs @midnight	3
Emily Blunt Wrap! @midnight #HashtagWars #420Celebs	3
Jay Jay Abrams #420Celebs @midnight	3
Joint Behar #420Celebs @midnight	3
Ellie Hemper  #420Celebs @midnight	3
#420Celebs @midnight   Martin Scores Easy	3
"Laura ""High As A"" Keightlinger #420Celebs @midnight"	3
Holly Blunter #420Celebs @midnight	3
Baked Lively  #420Celebs @midnight	3
Edible Murphy #420Celebs @midnight	3
Joss Weedon #420Celebs @midnight	3
Up In Smokey Robinson #420Celebs @midnight	3
Don't Be A MeNancy Reagan To Society  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight Definitely too soon	3
Snow White and the Helen Huntsman  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Margaret Chogirls #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie Missus Mom @midnight	3
Citizen Carol Kane #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Franken Gloria Steinem #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The X-Chromosome Files #addawomanimproveamovie @midnight	3
Princess Di amonds Are Forever. #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight   Golden Girls 007  This time it's menopausal!	3
What's Eating Melissa Gilbert Grape? #AddAWomanImproveAMovie  @midnight	3
Hot Harriet Tubman Time Machine #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Doris Day The Earth Stood Still  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The Bourne as a Woman Identity #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #pointsme	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Jaye Davidson and the Mia Farrow Clan	3
@midnight  Gwen-Her #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie 12 Angry Menopausal Women @midnight	3
Bey It Forward #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Selma_Blair	3
"#AddAWomanImproveAMovie @pileckis @midnight Meryl &amp; Marley &amp; Me"	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Jo Cassidy and the Beatrix Kiddo	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Kat Dennings On A Hot Tin Roof @OfficialKat @2BrokeGirls	3
Weekend at Bernies Wife's House #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
"@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie ""What's Love Got To Do With From Here To Tina Turner?"" https://t.co/4VNeNOHceY"	3
Lucy Lawless #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The man with one red Elisabeth Shue #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The Godmother	3
Re-Animatori Amos #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Pamadeus  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Buffalo Dixie Chicks #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #pointsme	3
@midnight The Sixth Scence I Smell Dead Abortions #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
@midnight Ghostbusters featuring way more bust #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
Florence of Arabia #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
American History Xtina #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The Mother Guys	3
@midnight Jessica Jones and the Temple of Womb #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie  Not Ghostbusters, apparently @midnight	3
Star Wars #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
What's Eating Gilda Radner? #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Catwoman on a Hot Tin Roof	3
SerendipiTina Fey #addawomanimproveamovie @midnight	3
Oprah-ther, Where Are Thou? #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The Fast and the Furiosa #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #amilate	3
@midnight #addawomanimproveamovie Woman of Steel	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Oh Sister Where Art Thou?	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie 12 Years A Slave to Fashion	3
Terminator 2: Judgment Day O'Connor #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
"@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The ""I'm Only Going To Have A Small Bite"" Games"	3
Virginia Woolf of Wall Street #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Jurassic Rosa Parks #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Brave Amelia Earhart.	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The nOmen	3
G-Spot Men #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #pointsme	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie Madea @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight hashtag pokes fun at Hollywood's gaping gender gap via @alice_emily @Telegraph @TelegraphFilm	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The Curious Case of Breanna's G-Spot	3
Apocalypse N.O.W. #AddAWomanImproveAMovie  @midnight	3
Jurrosa Parks #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Mad Max: Beyonc Thunderdome #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie #The Martian, Martian, MARTIAN!!!	3
The Woman in the Iron Mask #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The Shelley Long Kiss Goodnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Stirrups Crazy #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #pointsme	3
Gone With The Winona Ryder #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Klum #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
A Womb with a View #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Gandhi Wallace Stone @midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
Mean Streeps #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight https://t.co/6YiKhPkygI	3
The Kate-ful Eight: Beckinsale, Bosworth, -#i.e. Holmes, Hudson, Mara, -y Perry, Upton, Winslet #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight Ghost Dad and all his victims #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
The Helen Mirren Has Two Faces #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
All tickets now 21% off... #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight #EqualPay	3
Lady and the Lady and the Tramp #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Terminatrix	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Debbie and Denise Do Dallas, cause you know, two chicks	3
The Rachel McAdams Family #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
A Christmas Carol Burnett  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
All about Eva Mendes #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Resident Eva #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Batman vs. Superwoman #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Margaret Thatch Me If You Can  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Carmen Elektra #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Bridges of Ashley Madison County #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie   @midnight From Dusk 'til Dawn Wells https://t.co/Bs8wJGTZNE	3
Hortense of Arabia #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie @pileckis @midnight All the President's Men Suck, Vote for Hilary!	3
Loren of Arabia #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight https://t.co/Ljn0XsQAsV	3
A Joan River Runs Through It  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Gender's Game #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
"@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Bonnie &amp; Bonnie &amp; Clyde"	3
Jennifer Lawrence of Arabia #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie #10 Cloverfield Lane Bryant	3
Arsenic and Old Ada Lovelace #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
#AddAWomanImproveAMovie Holly Argolightly @midnight	3
honey I shrunk the wage gap #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Inglorious bitches #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #addawomanimproveamovie Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Karen	3
@mac_jones_ @midnight Jennifer Lawrence of Arabia #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
The Hillary Has Eyes #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie Beverly's Jill's Cop	3
Weekend at Elizabeth Baxter Bernie's @midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie	3
@midnight #addawomanimproveamovie Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Traveling Pants	3
Paula Blart: Soccer Mom #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
The Hills Have Bette Davis Eyes  #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie The Hills Have Eyes, and They're Up Here, Pal.	3
"Mrs. &amp; Mrs. Smith #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight"	3
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Glenn Close #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Elizabeth Taylor Soldier Spy #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Maya Angelous in the Outfield #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Taxi Minnie Driver #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Elizabeth Warren Peace #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Indiana Grace Jones and the Temple of Doom #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
For Whom the Lake Bell Tolls #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
A Joan Rivers Runs Through It #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
@midnight #AddAWomanImproveAMovie 3:10 to Uma Thurman	3
A History of Viola Davis #AddAWomanImproveAMovie @midnight	3
Free Larry Bird #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Rollin' Derby in the Deep @midnight @hardwick #AddSportsRuinASong https://t.co/KLGkrRpyf9	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight   Running back that thing up	3
Your Sister Can't Twist (But She Can Throw A Ball) #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Ray Rice Rice Baby...baby? @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight ABC its easy as PED #AddSportsRuinASong	3
Don't stop believing you're apart of the team #AddSportsRuinASong  @midnight	3
Backstreets put back dunk. #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight #AddSportsRuinASong Baby I Like It, When You Sink that Basket	3
@midnight Back Nine in Black #AddSportsRuinASong	3
When We Were Steve Young #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Steroids Heart #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
You're so vain, you probably think this song is about Yu Darvish. #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Love is a Football Field #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
"@midnight Duran Duran's ""Ski-o"" #AddSportsRuinASong"	3
@midnight Sgt Pepper's Lonely Darts Club #AddSportsRuinASong	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Runningback on Empty	3
John I'm only fencing  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Bowlin' down the river #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Highway to the Astro Dome #AddSportsRuinASong	3
Me and Julio Jones Down by The Schoolyard #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
I Didn't Start The Fight #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight O.L.Y.M.P.A. #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
"#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight ""Smoke Two Joints"" the Michael Phelps song"	3
Rugby a Lady Tonight #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Pin ball Wizard #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
@midnight Endzone Bling #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@midnight Every Course Is A Driving Road #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
Shaq in Black #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Dunk in Love @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Cleveland Indian Outlaw #AddSportsRuinASong	3
World Series of Poker Face #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Se7en Iron	3
Ortiz, You Don't Have to Play for the Red Sox  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
@midnight Look at this photograph finish. #AddSportsRuinASong	3
It's the tight end of the world as we know it (and I feel fine) #AddSportsRuinASong  #HashtagWars @midnight @hardwick	3
AC/DC's Big Deflated Balls #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight  I don't want no subs	3
It's a thin line between love and third base. #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight you cant always get the patriots lawyers #AddSportsRuinASong	3
"@midnight ""Sudden Deathly, Last Summer"" #AddSportsRuinASong"	3
@midnight Stayin' Alive (by Bruce Jenner) #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@ComedyCentral @richeisen @midnight Come as Yu Darvish #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight baby got running back #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight November Baseball Rain. #AddSportsRuinASong	3
Give a Little Bunt #AddSportsRuinASong  @midnight	3
Smells Like Team Spirit #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Girls Just Wanna Have Salary Parity	3
Lucy in the Baseball Diamond #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Knock, knock, knockin' on the final four #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Blue Collar Manning #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
FIFA Las Vegas #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Dream team weaver #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Out Of The Tiger Woods #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
Eye of the Tiger Woods #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@ComedyCentral @richeisen @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong Stairway to Kevin McHale	3
"Bon Jovi's ""Shot From Half Court (And You've Won The Game)"" #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight"	3
They see me rollin'. They be Peyton. #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
.@midnight What If Tonya Harding Was One Of Us #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight The Indy 500 Miles #AddSportsRuinASong	3
#AddSportsRuinASong Build Me Up Shufflepuck @midnight	3
Love Shaq   #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Shot Puttin' on the Ritz #AddSportsRuinASong	3
"#AddSportsRuinASong ""Take... Mike Trout to the ball... game..."" @midnight"	3
Fly Like a Philadelphia Eagle #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Kiss From A Pete Rose #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong Cricket Teeth by Death Cab For Googly @midnight	3
Careless glove  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
"@midnight Van Halen's ""High Jump"" #AddSportsRuinASong"	3
Tainted glove #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Into the Tiger Woods #AddSportsRuinASong  @midnight	3
All The Lost Souls Welcome You To The San Francisco 49ers  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight No Sleep Till Brooklyn Nets (Dodgers too). #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Your Concussion: It's Gonna Be Alright #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
I Would Walk 500 Batters #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Carry on my Phoenix Suns  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight WHO LET WADE BOGGS OUT?! WHO?! WHO?! WHO-WHO?!	3
Paradise Olympic City #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
@midnight Pins and Juice #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Uptown Punt #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@midnight any unforgiven Sunday #AddSportsRuinASong	3
She's Lost That Dugout Feeling  #AddSportsRuinASong  @midnight	3
Mamba No. 8 ...or is it 24 #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Orlando Magic Man #AddSportsRuinASong	3
With or Without Yu Darvish #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
No woman no crying in baseball #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Stop Playing (With My Behind) #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Sittin on the Doc Rivers of the Bay #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
I'm Too Rexy #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
Ave Maria Sharapova #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
My Sacrifice Fly #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
We will rock chalk jayhawk you #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Shake It Off, Break It Off, Break A Jaw #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@midnight Pink Floyd Mayweather #AddSportsRuinASong	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight All About That Baseball	3
@midnight Eddie Leather and Lacey #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Total Slap-Shot In The Dark #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
Lived by the sea. Played for the Lakers. #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight @richeisen 	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight   Mamma said knock it off before you get a concussion	3
I smell T-R-I-P-L-E-D-O-U-B-L-E #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Crimson the Tide is High #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Huddle/Squat Formation #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@midnight You Know I'm no Good at Sports #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight American (League) Pie. #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Wide Receiver Awake #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Na-na-na-na, Na-na-na-na, NCAA, Goodbye.	3
Crash into me #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight I can't live if living is without Yu Darvish	3
Javelin Man #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong Detroit Lions Suck City @midnight	3
First Down in the DM #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Highway to the Deflate Zone	3
We Be Clubbin' #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
#AddSportsRuinASong Sunday Bloody Sunday Sunday SUNDAY! @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong @midnight Fumble Boogie	3
The Tale of Atlanta Brave Ulysses #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Ball of Me #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
@midnight Rocky Racket #AddSportsRuinASong	3
@midnight Michael Jordanny Boy #AddSportsRuinASong #PointsMe	3
@midnight i heard it went through the goalie #AddSportsRuinASong	3
Rugby Tender #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
#AddSportsRuinASong  I Want To Be Your Dogsled @midnight	3
Hedwig and the angry inches and goal @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong	3
Nothing Compares To Yao @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong https://t.co/UgxMtX9DmV	3
(I Fell Into A Boxing) Ring of Fire #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
(I've Had) The Overtime of My Life #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Dirty Deeds Done Without the Referee Looking #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Do You Believe in Magic Johnson #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
I Aint No Quarterback Girl #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
How Deep Is Your Glove?  #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight 	3
Shake It Offense #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
Hit Me, Rousey One More Time @midnight #AddSportsRuinASong	3
No Woman, No Crying in Baseball #AddSportsRuinASong @midnight	3
The Rock You Like A Hurricane #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
"@midnight #AddTheRockImproveAnything  Star Wars  Episode 1  ""The Phantom Rock"""	3
@midnight @TheRock The Milky Dwayne #AddTheRockImproveAnything	3
The Rock, the Rock, and Two Smoking Barrels #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
@midnight Started from the rock bottom, now we're here #AddTheRockImproveAnything	3
Fast Times at RidgeRock High- do you smell what The Rock is smoking? #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Dude, Where's My Car? IT DOESN'T MATTER WHERE YOUR CAR IS! #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight @TheRock	3
@midnight @TheRock Democracy, hell no, TheRockcracy #AddTheRockImproveAnything	3
"@midnight #AddTheRockImproveAnything  Star Wars  Episode 3 ""Revenge of the JOHNSON"""	3
@midnight #AddTheRockImproveAnything  BLTDtRJ sandwich.	3
The Barrock Hussain Obama #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
"@midnight #AddTheRockImproveAnything  Star Wars Episode 2 ""Attack of the Dwaynes """	3
He's Just Not That Into The Rock #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
2 Dwaynez  #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Rocky's Angels #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
@midnight Honey, I Shrunk The Rock #AddTheRockImproveAnything	3
The Hills Have Raised Eyebrows #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
The Rock, Me, Amadeus #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
The Rock and Morty  #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
The people's elbow vs. Larry Flint #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
How The Rock Met Your Mother #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
"The Rock is my shepherd; I shall not want #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight"	3
Purple Dwayne  #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Dateline's To Lay The Smackdown On A Predator #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Crosby, Stills, The Rock, Nash, & Young #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Rock, Rock,and Two Rocking Barrels #AddTheRockImproveAnything @midnight	3
Downhill after Halloween #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	0
ERMAHGERD PEHRMKIN SPERCE!!! #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	2
New NBC Cancellations @midnight #AutumnIn3Words	1
Winter's pretty sister  #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	4
Netflix and chill \U0001f609 #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	0
Leaf me alone  #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	3
Nothing but weddings. #AutumnIn3Words @midnight 	1
@midnight fucking yard work #AutumnIn3Words	1
@midnight Hometown Thanksgiving sex #AutumnIn3Words	0
@midnight #AutumnIn3Words Finally, Sweater Time	0
@midnight , Uncle John's Turducken... #AutumnIn3Words	0
Fall's Bourgeois Name #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	3
No More Bikini's :( #AutumnIn3Words  @midnight	0
Pumpkin Spice Everything.  @midnight #AutumnIn3Words	1
#AgentsofSHIELD #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight Pumpkin Spice bullshit #AutumnIn3Words	1
Eat more pie #AutumnIn3Words @midnight @nerdist	1
@midnight #AutumnIn3Words SF Can't Has	0
Feral sweater people #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	1
When September Ends #AutumnIn3Words  @midnight	3
Rake and bake! @midnight #AutumnIn3Words	3
Temperature below 90 #AutumnIn3Words @midnight #Florida	0
@midnight girls size questionable #AutumnIn3Words	0
Still fucking single #AutumnIn3Words @midnight @nerdist	0
@midnight Mustaches Hijacked Novels #AutumnIn3Words	3
@midnight #AutumnIn3Words NOT YET CHRISTMAS!	0
Strip teasing trees. #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	4
"@midnight I missed #AutumnIn3Words? Shit! ""White Girl Heaven"""	3
Scarecrow Fetishist Awareness #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	4
Pumpkin spice pumpkins #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	0
Han Solo season #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight #AutumnIn3Words No More Mowing	0
Christmas list starts #AutumnIn3Words @midnight @nerdist	0
#AutumnIn3Words California's Second Summer @midnight	1
Leaves with attitude. #AutumnIn3Words @midnight	3
@hardwick hosts @midnight in Spoonerism #BadKICKSTARTERin5Words	0
#BadKICKSTARTERin5Words Donald Trump Mexican Pride Parade @midnight	3
The Chimpanzee Summoning Banana Hammock #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	4
Spring Loaded Spiked Dildo Gloves #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	4
@midnight #badkickstarterin5words Help me amend the constitution	0
@midnight Ingrediants for Road Kill Stew #BadKickstarterIn5Words	0
A Honey Boo Boo Reboot #badkickstarterin5words @midnight	1
I'm Running For GOP Nomination! #badkickstarterin5words @midnight	0
#badkickstarterin5words @midnight Inventing boyfriend for Taylor Swift	1
Guy Fieri themed vegan restaurant #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Donald trump Real sex doll.	7
Snapchat for your Parents Friends  #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	2
Lead based gluten free pasta #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	4
Battlefield Earth II - Mother Hubbard #badkickstarterin5words @midnight	1
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Buy @MartinShkreli's New Drug! #PointsMe	0
All natural straw hoverboard cases. #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	4
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words NASA Sends Kids into Space #PointsMe	1
Kanye West for new Doctor #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	4
#BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight    Barrack Obama one more term	0
@midnight A Jenny McCarthy Childrens Hospital #BadKickstarterIn5Words	0
Feed the Children... to Lions #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	7
"@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Trump Mart ""For All Your Discriminatory Need"""	8
#BadKickstarterIn5Words Assault Chris Hardwick with Jizz @midnight	4
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words B!tch Betta Have My Money	1
Reading this? It's too late. #BadKICKSTARTERin5Words @midnight	1
0% funded. #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight @GavinFree	0
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Unicycles Made From Recycled Unicycles	3
@midnight #badkickstarterin5words Twitter word counter to keep me from going over five words not counting hashtags	5
Meth based beverages and foods #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	8
Recycled Toilet-Paper Facial Tissues @midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words #A2M	8
Dictionary of Sarah Palin phrases #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	0
#BadKickstarterIn5Words Gilbert Gottfried reads all audiobooks @midnight	0
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Jared Fogle's Free Candy Charity	0
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Cancer Kills Deadpool, Needs Burial #PointsMe	8
Jar Jar Binks Video Game #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	0
Smash Mouth Covers The Beatles #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	1
The Ratzinger School for Children #badkickstarterin5words @midnight	0
Recycled Mustache proof facial tissues @midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words	1
#BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight  Just me. I need money	0
I'm Havin' A Baby Ya'll! #badkickstarterin5words @midnight	0
Chris Hardwick anime body pillow #BadKickstarterIn5Words  @midnight	1
#BadKickstarterIn5Words Hipster look of the month @midnight	1
Pants that double as contraceptives @midnight #BadKICKSTARTERin5Words	1
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Kardashian Family College Tuition Fund #PointsMe	1
Gummy birth control for kids #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Cruelty Free Designer Mom Jeans	1
@midnight #badkickstarterin5words I'm developing an artificial appendix	0
Trivial Pursuit GOP Candidate Edition #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	3
Calendar @hardwick and my pets. #BadKICKSTARTERin5Words @midnight 	1
"@midnight #BadKickstarterIn5Words Doug Benson's ""Plant"" Store"	1
Make a new Adolph Hitler #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	7
Help Donald Trump Buy America #BadKickstarterIn5Words @midnight	7
The Grundge 2  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	0
@midnight #PointsMe Creature From The Black Balloon #BadMonsterMovies	0
The People Under the Overpass  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
The Mummy's Mommy #BadMonsterMovies .@midnight	3
Carnival of Values #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Canadian Horror Sorry #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies Sweet November starring Donald Trump	3
The Day of the Truffles #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Adventures of Ichabod Sorry to say Mr. Toad gave you Genital Warts  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Hamperella #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Illegal Alien: Deportation #badmonstermovies	7
Frank N. Stein, C.P.A. #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
"Night of the Pundit. ""He has... OPINIONS!!!"" #BadMonsterMovies @midnight"	7
Bridezilla of Frankenstein #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
The Conjuring 2 Look What I Pulled Out of Your Butt  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe Nightmare On Pine St. #BadMonsterMovies	3
A doctor who can do both comedy and drama. #BadMonsterMovies @midnight @paulscheer 	7
Godzilla vs Moth #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
Prince Kong #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight The Invisible Man is Never Getting Laid #BadMonsterMovies	1
@midnight  #BadMonsterMovies Toxic Avenger	3
Sometimes They Come Back Yeah and Long Distance Relationships Work Too  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	0
The House Fly #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight District 69 #BadMonsterMovies	3
"#BadMonsterMovies Dr Jekyll &amp; Nauga Hyde @midnight "	3
Abbott and Costello Meet @RealGilbert #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
It Grovels #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
"The Slightly-Smaller-Than-Average Man! ""He doesn't live UP to your ideas of masulinity!"" #BadMonsterMovies @midnight"	7
A Few Good Omen @midnight  #BadMonsterMovies	3
Alien Convent The Priests' aren't the only ones busting on alter boys chests  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
Stephen King's Ambien Sleepwalkers  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Worfman #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Do the Right Swamp Thing #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
"Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Wizard #BadMonsterMovies @midnight"	3
@midnight 13 Ghost Crabs #BadMonsterMovies	3
Attack of the Fried Green Tomatoes #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
Pet Inseminare 2 The Cat's Undead and Pregnant  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Frankenbrine #PointsMe #BadMonsterMovies	3
The Invisible Flan #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Drake-ula  #BadMonsterMovies  @midnight	3
For All Dogs There's No Such Thing As Heaven  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
28 Weeks Later How did you not know you were pregnant? #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
From Hell, so from what Jersey?  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
Texas Chainsaw Knitters #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies 28 Days Late	3
The Nice Dead #BadMonsterMovies .@midnight	3
Second-to-Last Man on Earth #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Hostel for Dogs  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Retweeted Casey Corbin (@CaseyCorbin):  The Mummy Retweets  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Roc 'n' Troll High School #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Evil Dad Behind the Eyes (the Kardashian story) @midnight  #badmonstermovies	3
@midnight The Tickling #BadMonsterMovies	3
Illegal Aliens v Predator @midnight #BadMonsterMovies	3
@midnight Mary Shelley's Frankenberry #BadMonsterMovies	3
Interview with an Umpire #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
Instagrammer Nazis on the Moon #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Ginger Snapples #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
8mm Penis  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
@midnight #badmonstermovies Carrie... Underwood	3
Minimum Under-drive #HashtagWars #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@Midnight #PointsMe Wrong Turn 7: Get GPS Already! #BadMonsterMovies	3
The Hills Have Glaucoma  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Killer Crows From Outer Space #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Rose McGowan's Baby #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Boids #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Zipperback: the monster with a zipper... on its back! #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
King Kong: The XXX Parody #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe Scott Wolfman #BadMonsterMovies	3
@midnight #badmonstermovies The Fecal Avenger	3
@midnight Gozilla's Not Dead #BadMonsterMovies	3
@midnight #badmonstermovies King Dong	3
Coors Silver Bullet #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
The Cabernet of Dr. Caligari or The Island of Doctor Merlot #BadMonsterMovies @midnight Either way, I could use a drink	3
Americans Wear Wool in London #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
PumpkinHead A Freak in the Bed C'mon baby give me a little PumpkinHead  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Frankenstein vs The Mommy #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Peter Pan's Labyrinth  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
10 Swampthings I Hate about You #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Pet Inseminare #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Humpback of Notre Dame #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Dr. Gregory House 2 The Second Story  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies  Mad Monster Birthday Party	3
Frighty Night Lights #badmonstermovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies Rosemary and Baby Kale	3
Invasion Of The Head Thatchers @midnight #BadMonsterMovies 	3
#BadMonsterMovies The Snicker Man  @midnight	3
The Mummy vs. The Daddy #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe Hallowiener #BadMonsterMovies	3
Fright of the Navigator #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Creepshow Me Your Tits  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Spiderpeople from the Deep Web #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Stephen King's The Bag of Flaming Poo Tommyknockers  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe Fredzilla! #BadMonsterMovies	3
Child's Play Show Me on the Chucky Doll Where He Touched You  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
Sometimes They Come on Your Back  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
No one can hear you Scream 4 mommy  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	7
Four Leaf Cloverfield  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Dead Silence Shut Up and Just Take It  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Watcher He's Watching You Poop  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Social Monster Justice Warrior.  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe Hostel Part III: Amsterdam #BadMonsterMovies	3
The Amityville Horror Story on FX  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Mothra vs. Bridezilla #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #badmonstermovies Various Gods-zilla	3
Hello Mary Lou I must have asked you to Prom a thousand times  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Party Monster's Inc Sulley's the life of the Party til someone looses an eye  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
ParaNorman Activity The Ghosts in Detention  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
Urban Legends Pop Rocks and Coke Poor Little Mikey  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	1
@midnight #PointsMe Chaka LepreKhan #BadMonsterMovies	3
Saw, saw what?  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Crackula  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Mummy Never Returns #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Taco-lypse: The Crunch of Doom #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Dodge Gremlins #BadMonsterMovies	3
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Slender man #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight I Swallow on Your Grave #badmonstermovies	3
Hellraiser Is that a Pin in your pants or are you just happy to see me?  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Revenge of The Birds #BadMonsterMovies	3
"Stephen King's ""That"" #BadMonsterMovies @midnight"	3
Godless-Zilla? #BadMonsterMovies @midnight https://t.co/plDXC0f9md	3
#BadMonsterMovies The Phantom of the Opry @midnight https://t.co/hoBc4XUZgM	3
The Two-Headed Transgender Man  #BadMonsterMovies  @midnight	3
Minivan Helsing  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Attack of the 50ft Extension Cord #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies Frankenstein-berg-feld 3x as jewish	3
The Exorcism of Emily's Nose Be Gone you Evil Booger  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Blind Stitch Project #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Don't be a Menace to Dystopian Society While Drinking Your Biofluids #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Good Son, My Ass He's an Evil Bastard  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Night of the Resting Dead #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies        Creature From The Black Legume	3
The Poultrygeist #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
#BadMonsterMovies  Independence Day: RESURGENCE ...of the Shitty Sequel  .@midnight	3
Jackassic Park  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Texas Bandsaw Massacre  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Alpha Man (Charlton Heston Didn't Start This Genre) #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #badmonstermovies Godzilla V. The Donald	3
Adhesion #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMonsterMovies Freaky Friday the 13th	3
Slackula #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Animal-Weather Phenomena 4: RAIN OF FROGS #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Little Shop of Ho-Hums. #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Jeff Dunham's Puppet Master Achmed Said He would Kill You and He Meant It  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Herbie Goes Demented #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight The Ringworm #badmonstermovies	3
@midnight Paw #badmonstermovies	3
The Hipster that Wouldn't Die #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Wind in the Willows and Werewolves #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight The Kardashian from the Black Lagoon #BadMonsterMovies	3
@midnight Weeney Todd #BadMonsterMovies	3
Vlad the Impala #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Freddie Krueger Got Fingered   #BadMonsterMovies  @midnight	3
Shartnado #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The Brexorcist  #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
There's SwampThing About Mary #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
The hills have pink eye @midnight #badmonstermovies	3
Godzilla vs. Kramer #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
When Harry Met Dracula #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
Last House of Representatives on the Left #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Silence of the Lambchop  #badmonstermovies	3
Rosemary's Baby Shower #BadMonsterMovies @midnight	3
@midnight PokeMonty Python's Meaning of Life or Something Like It's Complica-Ted 2 #badmoviemashups	3
SE7EN Years In Tibet #BadMovieMashups	3
The Bourne Identity Thief @midnight #BadMovieMashups	3
"@NickSwardson Are you aware ""Dennis the Menace II Society"" does indeed exist? @midnight @nerdist #BadMovieMashups http://t.co/SKpdIr1k4q"	1
Batman vs. Superman vs. Freddy vs. Jason vs. Alien vs. Predetor vs. Scott Pilgram vs. the World #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
The Fault in Our Star Trek #BadMovieMashups @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
We bought a Zoolander #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
STAR 80 WARS  #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
"Bill &amp; Ted's &amp; Schindler's List #BadMovieMashups @midnight"	3
#BadMovieMashups @midnight. The Wedding? Bring it On! or Fifty Shades of Independence Day	3
Indeed @TheRealElvira: Showgirls Interrupted #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
#BadMovieMashups  #pointsme @midnight  Dirty harry potter	3
@midnight #BadMovieMashups The Breakfast Fight Club	3
Marathon Manos The Hands Of Fate #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
@midnight #BadMovieMashups The Shineing Blade	3
To Wong Foo, Thank You for Smoking #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
@midnight Dennis the menace to society, Lion King Ralph, Jurassic Trailer Park boys, Trainwreck it Ralph  #BadMovieMashups	3
There's something about Larry Flint @midnight  #BadMovieMashups	3
RT @lisamcguire1: The Man Who Knew Too Much About A Boy #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
The Babysitters' Fight Club  @midnight #BadMovieMashups	3
@Midnight Reefer Madness of King George of the Jungle Fever Pitch Perfect #badmoviemashups	3
@kristenhuff300 @DebraRecka @midnight Big Trouble in Little Women	3
Battle Royal Tenenbaums #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
Snakes on Planes, Trains, and Automobiles #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
Debbie Does Dallas Buyers Club #BadMovieMashups @midnight	3
...please clap. Please. #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
#badsexin3words cash or charge @midnight	2
She's imagining Trump #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight Three inches. Twice. #BadSexin3Words	2
@midnight #BadSexIn3Words Assisted Living Neighbor	2
Barn Yard Bukkake #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
Got poop dick @midnight #badsexin3words	2
OK. Hurry up. #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
Walker giving head @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	2
#BadSexIn3Words @midnight Turn over Sis!	1
Just Jianking Baby #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
Katie's Crotch Rodeo #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight is that it? #badsexin3words	2
Auto erotic asphyxiation @midnight #BadSexin3Words	1
Shouldn't it grow? #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
It's friggin' hyuge... #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
#badsexin3words too many condoms @midnight	2
@midnight Killed the baby. #BadSexin3Words	2
Richard Kind, Anal. #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
Yeah, I guess.  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
.@quadz08 @midnight The OTHER hole. #BadSexIn3Words 	2
Republican contenders three-way #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight First Mass, eh? #BadSexin3Words	7
@midnight Dead lay. Literally. #badsexin3words	2
Ouch, oops, sorry  #BadSexIn3Words! @midnight	2
uses marital AIDS #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight sinus clearing odor. #BadSexin3Words	2
#BadSexIn3Words Malfunctioning sex robot @midnight	2
Completely dissatisfied customer #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
Anything with math problems #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	3
That'll be $250 #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	3
"I'm Gary Busey...  Or...  ""WOW!  Amazon Prime!""  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe"	2
Trump hot Carl @midnight  #BadSexIn3Words	0
Trans penis bigger #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Ignore the warts @midnight #badsexin3words	2
@midnight While you slept. #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight Micro Penis Syndrome #BadSexIn3Words	2
#badsexin3words paper or plastic @midnight	2
@midnight With my wife. #BadSexin3Words	2
Realdoll has headache. #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight Humped my leg. #BadSexIn3Words	2
@midnight that was it? #badsexin3words	2
@midnight #badsexin3words Donald Trump President	7
@Midnight where's the beef? #Badsexin3words	0
@midnight Japan Vs. Germany #badsexin3words	3
Orgasms or seizures @midnight #badsexin3words	0
@mskimmyd85 @midnight bring the meathooks #BadSexin3Words	0
#BadSexIn3Words @midnight ... with Ted Cruz	7
@midnight Lost the bet. #BadSexin3Words	0
Sober daytime anal. @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	0
#BADSEXIN3words @midnight      Stop it Dad.	0
@midnight Couldn't really tell.  #BadSexin3Words	0
Lost a nipple  #badsexin3words @midnight	0
Where's my mommy?  #badsexin3words @midnight	0
@midnight just like dad #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight athletes foot fetish #badsexin3words	0
Obamacare covers abortion  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Tonight, on COPS... #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	3
Lemon Party invite #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Burger King bathroom #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight #badsexin3words still wrong hole.	2
#badsexin3words on death bed @midnight	0
#BadSexIn3Words @midnight Where's that cup?	0
#BadSexIn3Words Lost handcuff keys @midnight #PointsMe	1
Wanna watch @midnight #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
All the orifices! @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	0
My Left Foot @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight mustignorevoices #BadSexIn3Words	3
Probably shouldn't burn #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight #BadSexIn3Words not that hole.	1
Gone Girl finish @midnight #badsexin3words	0
Zippity Bop Badoop (in a Cosby voice)  #Badsexin3words @midnight	1
Cozy Bathroom stall #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Robert Durst Burping #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
Is it in? #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight unscheduled butt stuff #badsexin3words #UFIA	0
Let's stay friends  #badsexin3words @midnight	2
#BadSexIn3Words Uh Oh Mom! @Midnight	0
Sorry, nodded off! @midnight #badsexin3words	2
Drink up baby... #BadSexIn3Words @midnight https://t.co/jjuNfe20G3	0
@midnight #BadSexIn3Words not in there	1
Hold my cigar... #BadSexIn3Words @midnight https://t.co/iDx6PCbcdT	1
Eyes water first #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Small Trump Hands #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	7
Fart in 69 @midnight #badsexin3words	0
No, MY left...  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
#BadSexIn3Words yells ex-boyfriend's name @midnight	2
Ignore the drool  #badsexin3words @midnight	2
Jason Robert Conley #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
#BadSexIn3Words @midnight  Flop Sweat Wet-Spot	2
Trump tramp stamp #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight Bad doggie!  Bad!!!! #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight  Six inch clitoris. #badSexIn3Words	0
@midnight THE Chris Hardwick? #BadSexIn3Words	2
That wasn't me #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
#BadSexIn3Words @midnight  Wants Deposit Back	2
@midnight Penn State coach. #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight During the commercials. #BadSexin3Words	0
Bunshin no Jutsu!  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	0
Small dysfunctional caucus #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #welcometothepanderdome	0
Drought stricken vagina #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #climatechangeisreal	2
@midnight It's my birthday #BadSexIn3Words	0
Batman's taint sweat. #BadSexin3words @midnight	0
STD Collection Complete #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
"Kanye in ""zone"" #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe"	0
#BadSexIn3Words Are you done? @midnight	2
#badsexin3words @midnight Insert nozzle here	3
@midnight spit on me #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight  *rip* uh oh #badsexin3words	2
Ended in pregnancy #badsexin3words @midnight	0
#badsexin3words started without me @midnight	2
Threesome minus two #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	3
@midnight The Threes Spooges #badsexin3words	3
Ben Carson Seranade #BadSexIn3Words  @midnight	7
@mskimmyd85 No, OTHER hole. @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	2
@midnight Mom's Tupperware Party #BadSexin3Words	7
@midnight Trump: It's yuuuuuuge. #badsexin3words	7
My apartment.  Zima.  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	0
I'm Kyle Kinane #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
@midnight  Jello pudding pop?   #badsexin3words	3
@midnight Get the ice. #BadSexin3Words	2
No thanks Cruz #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Is that superglue? #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	2
Justin and Justin #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Klingon pillow talk @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	2
Lost anal bead.... #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
"@midnight Can't do ""deeper"". :-( #BadSexin3Words"	0
Trump bangs daughter #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	7
What's that smell?  @midnight #BadSexIn3Words	0
@midnight Safe word: Trump #BadSexIn3Words	7
@midnight Missed the hole. #BadSexIn3Words	1
#BadSexIn3Words Booby Drum Solo  @midnight https://t.co/tZRnTs6vJ8	1
Starts with prayer #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Banksy political statement  #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
You Hear Banjos? #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	1
so many spiders #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
That'll do pig #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Why's that oozing? #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
"Toy went ""missing"" #BadSexIn3Words @midnight"	0
#badsexin3words mid coitus fisticuffs @midnight	0
Excessive Jazz Hands #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Your almost their #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Dog watches intently. #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Terms and Conditions #BadSexIn3Words @midnight	0
Fresh until 12/25/2010 @midnight #BadTrampStamps	2
Yield!  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
TRUMP 2016 (written in actual gold) #BadTrampStamps @midnight	7
Stick figure family. @midnight  #BadTrampStamps	2
STOP READING THIS AND FUCK ME! #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
The San Francisco Treat @midnight #BadTrampStamps	3
Exit Only  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
Good for one (1) readmittance #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
A Little Dab'll Do Ya  @midnight #badtrampstamps	0
This End Pu #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Come In	3
If you see something say something. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight [Unicorn Skewering Bambi]	2
@midnight #BadTrampStamps Points!  Ron Funches!	2
Deliveries in front  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
My Name Is __________. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Cheap But Not Free	2
@midnight an arrow, with Whats down there? The answer may surprise you! #clickbait #BadTrampStamps	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Butterfly Effect	3
Roto-Rooter 1-800-768-6911 #BadTrampStamps @midnight https://t.co/le7uxxBsKn	0
InserT hEre #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight open 24/7 like 7-11 #badtrampstamps	3
@midnight Daddy's little splooge princess #BadTrampStamps	0
@midnight Men at Work #BadTrampStamps	3
@midnight Hello Butt Kitty #BadTrampStamps https://t.co/I5Hi5ox5li	3
WassUp #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
E = MC2 #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
Let me know if you find my keys #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Can't Buy Me Love	2
An Eye Chart #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps This Tat Part of a Quid Pro Quo @midnight	3
@midnight  PROUD SOCCER MOM #BadTrampStamps #HashtagWars THIS WAS IN ALL CAPS at 1:59AM  @LisaBloom (Fuck them.)	2
@midnight #BadTrampStamps My Name is Alberto Montoya.     You Killed My Father.        Prepare to Die.	2
#badtrampstamps @midnight  JACK	0
Rated R for Suggestive Themes #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight come inside  #badtrampstamps	2
Welcome to Newark #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Wherefore art thou Romeo?  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Listen To My Podcast! #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
Born Wilde #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Pardon Me, But Do You Have any Grey Poupon? @midnight #BadTrampStamps	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Open For Business	3
Slide credit card here   #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight My Turn	3
Trump 2016 @midnight #BadTrampStamps #HashtagWars	2
please remember, only 1 in the stink @midnight #BadTrampStamps	0
If You Can Read ThisWhat Are You Waiting For? #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
#BadTrampStamps @midnight High Inside	2
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Beats Nothing	3
I PU OUT #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Crack is Wack #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight congratulations, you're a pedophile #badtrampstamps	3
#badtrampstamps @midnight  SMART	0
"#BadTrampStamps @midnight  picture of Judge Judy saying ""Only Judy Can Judge You."""	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Now I Have To Kill You	3
Need a penny? Take a penny. Have a penny? Leave a penny. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#SaynotoCrack #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
Milk, milk and lemonade on other side #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
"#badtrampstamps @midnight ""He who can remove the sword shall be King"""	3
Good to the Last Drop  @midnight #BadTrampStamps	3
Made possible in part by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
@midnight The Target Logo #BadTrampStamps	3
@midnight Are You There Yet? #BadTrampStamps	7
@midnight Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep Beep #BadTrampStamps	2
The Ultimate Driving Machine @midnight #badtrampstamps	0
You have no idea. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
When pumpkin spice latte about to run out at Starbucks  @midnight @TastelessGents #Peeple #BadTrampStamps  #Empire http://t.co/wm6qDiUcU5	0
Fucking A #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
@midnight smack twice to enter, knock twice when finished, pull hair to leave #badtrampstamps	3
More Cushion for the Pushin' #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
Tesla Charging Port #BadTrampStamps @midnight	0
My wife says this is my best side. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
HazardiuSs #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight Brooks Was Here #BadTrampStamps	2
#BadTrampStamps @midnight I'm Yours	3
This side up  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Her parents disappointment characterized through emoji. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight One-wiper #BadTrampStamps	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight So's Your Mom	0
"@midnight #BadTrampStamps ""Over 1 Billion Served"""	3
Results may vary!  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight The splooge queen #BadTrampStamps	0
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Your Fifth Visit Is Free	3
Back up 200 ft.  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Available For Parties	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Surprise!	1
Thanks for always being there, Dad #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Follow the Fear #BadTrampStamps @midnight	1
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Ph.D	3
It's bigger on the inside! @midnight  #BadTrampStamps	1
You're, my daddy! #BadTrampStamps @midnight @nerdist	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Daddy Says Hi	3
Phillip? RT @ThisAsylumEarth: My Name Is __________. #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight The Devil Made Me Do It	3
As of Sept. 30, 2015 I do not give Facebook permission to use my pictures, information, or posts...  @midnight #BadTrampStamps.	3
IPA Exhaust Port #BadTrampStamps @midnight	1
@theactuallucas: Insert tab D into slot A #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Pendejo #BadTrampStamps @midnight	1
Open Other End #BadTrampStamps @midnight	1
FRONT #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight don't blow your wad all in one place #BadTrampStamps	3
Vote Trump! #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
The top half of Nick Nolte's mugshot #BadTrampStamps @midnight	1
STD #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Hi Einstein RT @schm3cky: E = MC2 #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Knock Before Entering  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Elephant Graveyard #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
#BadTrampStamps @midnight Under New Management	3
Is it in yet?  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Post No Bills #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
There's Always Room For J-E-L-L-O @midnight #badtrampstamps	3
The Happiest Place On Earth @midnight #badtrampstamps	3
I'm Twitter Verified #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
ForNevEr #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Planned Parenthood  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Eatin' Good In The Neighborhood @midnight #BadTrampStamps	3
These hoes ain't loyal @midnight #BadTrampStamps	3
Please keep all hands and feet inside the vehicle while in motion. @midnight #BadTrampStamps #HashtagWars	3
A pictographic set of instructions on how to pleasure her.  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Wide Load #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Backdraft #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Wash with like colors. Tumble dry low #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
Dad wuznt their #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
Enter at Your Own Risk  #BadTrampStamps @midnight	2
Donald Trump Campaign Center #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
Take A Penny, Leave A Penny #BadTrampStamps @midnight	3
@midnight The Sacramento Kings and I #BasketballMovies	1
What's Eating Gilbert Arenas #BasketballMovies @midnight https://t.co/wrYWZNyOdN	1
Larry Birdman #BasketballMovies @midnight	1
@midnight #BasketballMovies The Lions vs The Kings	1
The Color of Money (The Lebron James Story) #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Nothing But The Net #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies The Rim	3
Million dollar baby mama #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Lord of the Flops: Return of the King #BasketballMovies @midnight #PointsMe	1
6th Man on Fire #BasketballMovies @midnight	1
@midnight #BasketballMovies White men can jump	7
@midnight Turner and Hoops #BasketballMovies	3
@midnight Tinker Tailor Soldier Sprewell #basketballmovies https://t.co/wlIaRtXGmI	3
Helbow #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Hoosiers Daddy? @midnight #basketballmovies	3
Point Fast Break.   #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
#BasketballMovies Three Cavaliers @midnight	3
@midnight The Secret Madison Square Garden #BasketballMovies	3
@midnight #BasketBallMovies As Ted Cruz would call it Ring-siers	3
Curry House Blues #basketballmovies @midnight	3
@midnight Forrest Dunk #BasketballMovies	3
Martin Scorsese's Raging Bulls #basketballmovies @midnight	3
Never Been Elbowed #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Magic Mike w/AIDS #basketballMovies	3
@midnight #BasketBallMovies Basektballs of Fury	3
The Nightmare Before Chris Bosh #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #basketballmovies  Rapes of Madison County	3
Free Throw Willy #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
John Knick.   #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BasketBallMovies Fear and Loathing after I was accused of rape.	3
Con Air Ball #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
A Laettner Quartet @SklarBrothers @midnight #basketballmovies	3
Aladdin 2: The Return of Jamar #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Magic Johnson in the Moonlight #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
"Mr. &amp; Mrs. Naismith #basketballmovies @midnight"	3
Lord of the Basketball Ring starring @tedcruz  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Steve Kerr's List... #basketballmovies @midnight	3
The Larry Birds #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@TrueHobo @midnight Coach John Carter #Basketballmovies	3
Free Throw Of Jones #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
In the Miami Heat of the Night.  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Julia Roberts becomes an excellent rebounder. #BasketballMovies @mholland85 @midnight https://t.co/d9jGWbEUp6	3
@midnight #basketballmovies LeBrongest Yard	3
Free-throw Willie #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Broke Shaq Mountain #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies Double Dribble	3
CasaLeBronca #basketballmovies @midnight	3
Steph Up No 3 No D #BasketballMovies #NBAFinals @midnight @cavs	3
@midnight Crocodile Dunkee #BasketballMovies	3
Driving Miss Daisy to the Hoop #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Just a Few Good White Men #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
The Lakers House.  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
The Good, the Bad, and the Chef Curry #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies Bobby Knight And Day	3
How Kobe Got His Groove Back #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies Swish Perfect	3
@midnight #basketballmovies Journey to the Staples Center of the Earth	3
Freddy Got Finger Rolled #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Raging Bulls #BasketBallMovies	3
The Net #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Ball Hard @midnight #BasketballMovies	3
Lebron the waterfront #basketballmovies @midnight	3
Eat, Pray, Nike Endorsement, Love #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Monster's Air Ball #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Field Goal of Dreams #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Paradise Alley Oop #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Lebron With The Wind #BasketballMovies	3
"Love &amp; Basketball #damnlena #classic @midnight #basketballmovies"	3
The NBA-Team #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
21 Jumpshot Street #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Sisterhood of the TRAVELING!!! WHY DON'T THEY EVER CALL TRAVELING ANYMORE???? #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Practical Magic Johnson #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Teamless in Seattle #basketballmovies @midnight	3
Vlade and the HENDERSONS!!! @SklarBrothers @midnight #basketballmovies	3
Wild Ball Hogs #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight 3 pointer to Yuma #BasketballMovies	3
Homeward Rebound #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Lebron James and the Giant Peach #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Like Mike Goes Cleveland #BasketballMovies	3
@midnight  #BasketballMovies the lion, the which and craig sagers wardrobe https://t.co/KiPSpbUFEp	3
@midnight Disney/Pixar's Lay UP #BasketballMovies	3
All the GOAT's men. #basketballmovies someone will have to explain it to Chris... @midnight	3
March Madness of the Penguins.  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Space Balls Jam #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Who's A-Frazier Virginia Woolf? #BasketballMovies	3
#BasketballMovies The NBA Replay Center in Secaucus, New Jersey, Boys @midnight	3
Se7en-Point Range  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
CaddyShaq @midnight #BasketballMovies	3
Double Dribble Jeopardy #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
The Cook, The Thief, His Wife, AND ONE! #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Sucker Punch (The Draymond Green Story) #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Field of Hoop Dreams #BasketballMovies	3
A Shot Clockwork Orange #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Rebel with a Basketball #BasketballMovies @midnight https://t.co/yoYee6X6Rs	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies  LeBron With The Win	3
De Andrelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Clippers.             #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Pelican't Hardly Wait #basketballmovies @midnight	3
The Larry Birdcage #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
"HorseGames  #BasketballMovies @midnight  ""Would you like to play a game of H-O-R-S-E?"""	3
Operation Dikembe Mutombo Drop @SklarBrothers @midnight #basketballmovies	3
@midnight #BasketballMovies Hoop-siers	3
you've got mail starring Karl Malone #basketballmovies @midnight	3
March Madness Of The Penguins #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
3-Point Break #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
The Utah Jazz Singer #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Escape From New York With Your Dignity #basketballmovies @midnight	3
Offsideways #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight BASEketball (Real movie, BTW) #BasketballMovies	3
Thin Blue Foul Line #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Scooby-Doo 2: Globetrotters Unleashed #BasketballMovies	3
Kingdom of the Crimson Tide.  #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
When Harry Metta World Peace #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
What About Bob Cousy? #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
10 Things I Hate About Yao #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Shaq to the Future #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Half Court Prince #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
My Big Fat Jimmy the Greek Wedding #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Pacific Rimshot #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Requiem For A Dream Team #BasketballMovies @midnight https://t.co/CtkEUg1OQ7	3
Bridge Over the River Kawhi #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
Honey, I Dunked on the Kids #BasketballMovies @midnight	3
#BeforeFacebookI had 2 testicles. @midnight	2
#BeforeFacebookI didn't know how many legitimately crazy people I knew! @midnight	7
#BeforeFacebookI used to sit up all night by my Tandy waiting for @facebook @midnight	1
#BeforeFacebookI didn't like people all that much. Now I know why. @midnight	7
This is too funny..just type in #BeforeFacebookI and enjoy @midnight @MJRadioDiva @X1075  	3
#BeforeFacebookI believed in statistics @midnight	7
Before Facebook I actually LIKED things. #beforefacebooki @midnight	7
Before Facebook my mom didn't comment on all of my selfies. #beforefacebooki @midnight	3
#BeforeFacebookI read shampoo bottles while on the toilet. @midnight	1
Before Facebook I remember happiness. #beforefacebooki @midnight	1
#BeforeFacebookI -was taught not to discuss politics. Now I can't get away from it. #dontcare #shutit @midnight	1
#BeforeFacebookI experimented with drugs to ESCAPE farmville. @midnight	1
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI had to leave my home to meet people. https://t.co/Hk5lTcXPND	5
Before Facebook I used Myspace, which was coded to actually work. #beforefacebooki  @midnight	7
#BeforeFacebookI thought my kid was special. @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI Definitely played with more toys! 	1
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI used Myspace.	3
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI didn't have friends that hated backing their opinions up with actual facts and statistics.	7
#BeforeFacebookI trends after @midnight segment on the social network's 12th birthday https://t.co/4F0mGRtpZm https://t.co/0SXejYezcP	0
#BeforeFacebookI had to go to people's homes and write on their actual walls. @midnight	7
#BeforeFacebookI had no idea the rest of humanity craved random, meaningless social approval as much as I did. @midnight	7
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI a Sears catalog was still handy in the outhouse	1
"@midnight #BeforeFacebookI didn't need a belt to hold up my pants. I only carried spare change &amp; a Velcro wallet #BigA$$Phones"	1
"@midnight Hollywood Today Live is discussing the trending topic of #BeforeFacebookI - I feel ""in the know"" about where it originated."	7
#BeforeFacebookI was a @TODAYshow reporter that had to write their own content. @midnight	6
#BeforeFacebookI had no idea Jesus watched if I Liked, Shared or ignored pics of sick kids @midnight	3
#BeforeFacebookI  just assumed everyone believed in science.  @midnight	7
#BeforeFacebookI used to yell at random strangers over pointless crap on the street. @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeFacebookI talked to my wife sometimes.	0
#BeforeFacebookI didn't know I could sell my underpants to Japanese Businessmen for fine scotch. @midnight	4
#BeforeFacebookI thought gif was peanut butter. @midnight @hardwick	7
#BeforeFacebookI had to remember how good my food looked before I ate it. @midnight	7
#BeforeYouTube most randy midnights were spent no less than three feet from a Betamax copy of Kentucky Fried Movie. @midnight @hardwick	3
#BeforeYouTube I'd pretend something interesting was going on outside the bus window the entire trip to avoid the other passengers @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeYouTube I didn't know people were so sensitive.	7
@midnight #BeforeYouTube I believed that ALL vegans were birthed from the ancient being, Gwenyth Paltrow. Turns out, I was correct.	7
#BeforeYouTube It was all about the remote control @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube I believed all cats were happy.  @midnight	4
#BeforeYouTube I had no clue I was a complete narcissist  @midnight	7
@midnight #beforeyoutube you used to have to use your slide projector to show pictures of your cats	7
#BeforeYouTube your mom sat AROUND the house! @Midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube I had the attention span to watch something for more than 90 seconds @midnight	1
#BeforeYouTube I thought racists were at least smart enough to keep their nasty opinions to themselves. @midnight	8
@midnight #beforeyoutube you had to go to Russia to see Russian car crash videos	4
"#BeforeYouTube ""You Tube?"" was a question. @midnight"	4
@midnight #BeforeYouTube Come over to see our vacation slides	3
@TheDez @midnight ...BUT, the hashtag #BeforeYouTube implies a time before 2005, which, I know, is AFTER TELEVISION...	7
@midnight Cat videos had to be made with Andy Serkis and lots of green screen.  #BeforeYouTube	3
#BeforeYouTube I played games on the @DisneyChannel website.  @midnight	1
#BeforeYouTube I actually had time for that @midnight	1
#BeforeYouTube attention whores had to get peoples' attention on LiveJournal. @midnight	7
"@midnight #BeforeYouTube you could only make fun of Trump while watching the first season of ""The Apprentice"". #PointsMe"	7
#BeforeYouTube if I wanted to see cosplayers I'd have to go to a strip club @midnight	7
@midnight #BeforeYouTube I had no carpentry skill... https://t.co/jDS56YqrnA	1
#BeforeYouTube I thought most people were essentially kind/good. @midnight	7
#BeforeYouTube I knew a lot less then I do now, and liked it @midnight	1
#BeforeYouTube we had to download video game trailers. @midnight	1
"@midnight #BeforeYouTube ""SnapChat"" meant some gay guy was telling you off! #InaZformation"	3
#BeforeYouTube I had to play video games instead of watching people play them. @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeYouTube I liked Rick Astley	3
@midnight #BeforeYouTube white women were casted in cat videos	1
"#BeforeYouTube news interviews with ""quirky locals"" had to be reinacted for your friends to appreciate @midnight"	3
I had to hang around playgrounds to watch woman breastfeed. #BeforeYouTube  @midnight	7
@midnight #beforeyoutube bad singing was confined to the shower and not shared with the public	7
Everybody has time for that. #BeforeYouTube @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube there was dial-up.  Fun!  @midnight	7
@midnight #BeforeYouTube watching girls put on makeup was called stalking	7
#BeforeYouTube Grumpy cat was really happy @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeYouTube we used recreational pharmaceuticals to kill brain cells.	8
It was just 2 girls, NO Cup! #BeforeYouTube  @midnight	7
#BeforeYouTube the idea of loosing an hour watching cat videos was ridiculous. @midnight	7
@midnight #BeforeYouTube @kanyewest wasn't an entire egotistical pop culture asshole. #JustKiddingKanye #PointsMe	7
#BeforeYouTube We didn't have Justin Bieber.........just saying @midnight	7
@Mekatron7 @midnight Bob Saget? That whipersnapper. #BeforeYouTube there was Allen Funt.	3
#BeforeYouTube If I wanted to watch a music video, I'd turn on MTV. @midnight	3
@midnight #beforeyoutube MTV showed music videos	3
#BeforeYouTube I used to send faxes on my pager for a nickel @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube @hardwick was on MTV @midnight	3
@midnight #BeforeYouTube 2 Girls 1 Cup had a completely different meaning	7
#BeforeYouTube I could look my hecklers in the eye while they trolled my comedy @midnight	7
#BeforeYouTube it was not automatically viral, it could also be bacterial. @midnight	4
@midnight etch a sketch and Viewfinder #BeforeYouTube	3
#BeforeYouTube I was blissfully unaware of how many psychos exist @midnight	8
#BeforeYouTube I could hit a friend in the nuts without a Rube Goldberg machine. @midnight	7
"#BeforeYouTube Gangnam Style was called ""having a seizure"" @midnight"	7
#BeforeYouTube the news wasn't autotuned... Or catchy @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube we never yelled at people to turn their phones sideways. @midnight 	7
#BeforeYouTube Charlie's brother had all his fingers @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube I never got to experience the joy of spending 10 minutes watching someone unbox a phone @midnight	7
"#BeforeYouTube ""First!"" was only used in eating contests and by terrible lovers. @midnight"	7
#BeforeYouTube Rick Astley would show up at my front door.  @midnight	3
#BeforeYouTube I couldn't get shutdown by copyright when my friends watch me play video games  @midnight	3
Umm, that one at Bernie's #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Staying home with my wife   #BestWeekendIn5Words @e_mundt @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight   Alternate Walking Dead Season Finale	1
Lawyers restrict me from saying.  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
I own the world now. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
Good book, good wine, bed. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Watched Zika Mosquito music video! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words trapped in elevator with supermodels @midnight	1
@midnight Robot Cat Piggy Bank Heist #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
@midnight Weekend at Bernie's 3 fanfilm. #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
In Underwear on Brooklyn Bridge. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
Nowhere I have to be. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
My underwear is my uniform @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	3
Put the kids on mute @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	7
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words My First Anime Weekend Atlanta	1
Binge-watched Bachelor with Jill Biden! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight #shesactuallyafan! https://t.co/KtV1riB4uC	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words learned what blow job means @midnight	7
Binge Watching My Little Pony #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight #pointsme	2
Student Loans Finally Paid Off  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words Test results came back negative	1
Finding Out Who Negan Killed #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
The test came back negative. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words Bernie comes back to life	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words live tweeted my private enema @midnight	7
She let me invite friends  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Roadcuts with exposed rocks  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Help you move ... AGAIN  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
#BestWeekendIn5Words oculus rift plus internet porn @midnight	1
She says we got married. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #Bestweekendin5words Watching BBC shows and men	1
Only banned from 3 Chuck-E-Cheese's #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Tang, Tang, and more Tang #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight (Poon) https://t.co/MBzRKFu1Vp	1
Like Superbad but with bears #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words gave trump rally chocolate laxatives @midnight	7
"Time away from my ""responsibilities""#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight"	1
I turned off the news #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Watched Zika Mosquito music video! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight   https://t.co/cbqkmayGGB  Now you can too	1
Did not wear pants once #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Personal Marvel Avengers movie marathon. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words jousting with little people naked	1
@midnight # Pink Slip Extended Depression Party! #BestWeekendIn5Words	2
Left my wallet in (El) Segundo #BestWeekendIn5Words #RIPPhifeDawg @midnight	1
Set the alarm for Monday #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight #pointsme	1
Cocaine is a helluva drug @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
Bingeing on old Batman episodes #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight Pooped with the door open #BestWeekendIn5Words	7
Sex! Dirty nasty rough SEX!!!!  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight Sleeping in a Bouncy Castle. #BestWeekendIn5Words	3
Drinks, friends, laughter, no hangover #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Anime Convention, met my idol. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Found a pixie, had adventure #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
Found out who Negan Killed @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
Playing dead ignoring Andrew McCarthy #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
Internet morons understand cliffhanger concept #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
Drunk in bed by 8PM. @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
Didn't watch Walking Dead. Again. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
Teach birds to send messages #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words Star Wars the Force Awakens	1
Fuck that diet. Pizza NOW!  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Sleeping in, no responsibilities, whatever #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight February Twelfth Two-Thousand-Sixteen Deadpool Opened	1
Found my old mix tape @midnight  #BestWeekendIn5Words	3
#BestWeekendIn5Words Kimmy Schmitt pizza no talking @midnight	1
@midnight Crop Dust Entire Trump Rally #BestWeekendIn5Words https://t.co/VRUjl7IcZk	7
SciFi Convention: Firefly Rich Zone  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
New Walking Dead, Republican Party   #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words heard no Trump sound bytes	7
#BestWeekendIn5Words = #CanadiensWinStanleyCupAgain @CanadiensMTL @midnight	1
Learned new uses for Jell-O #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight   Real Life Weekend at Bernie's	1
My band will make it! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	0
Rode subway. Didn't get groped.  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	8
$10 hand jobs 50% off! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
#BestWeekendIn5Words filled tub with melted chocolate @midnight	3
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words Whole planet collapses. Except Netflix.	1
Boss died, dragged body around #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/lq7WPGVedO	3
Swam in pool of women @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
"#BestWeekendIn5Words D&amp;D, jolt, totinos, no girls @midnight #sameaslastweekend"	1
Meet The Doctor: Weekend Forever @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
My motorcycle, the Rocky Mountains. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	0
Cast Magic Missile, then pizza #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Hannah Montana... I mean... sports...? #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight      Obama to FINALLY be impeached	7
#BestWeekendin5Words  2 Girls and a Tub  @midnight	1
Mirilax and Stacks of Comics @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	2
#BestWeekendin5Words  Time Traveled, Made Weekends Longer  @midnight	1
Didn't get caught doing it..  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Binge watching #DaredevilSeason2 with nachos. @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words I got high...and laid	1
Joined commune! Spaceship is coming! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
Saturday's breaking news: Trump quits! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
#BestWeekendIn5Words Blocked by @midnight  for over tweeting	7
Time traveling in the TARDIS #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight @DoctorWho_BBCA	1
Nothing but Steven Seagal movies #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Batman v Superman, not Zootopia  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words  got laid, ate, slept, repeat. @midnight	1
@midnight Cat ass tongue smell removed #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
My ex finally passed away  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	8
"Called in ""drunk"" on Monday @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words"	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words found dads old porn collection @midnight	1
All presidential candidates get laryngitis  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words  Limber Spinners and Free Meat	3
Woke up drunk resumed drinking  #BestWeekendIn5Words  @midnight	1
Sold my junk on Craigslist  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words pool party with Charlie sheen	1
Erasable Tattoo Ink Formula Research. @midnight #BestWeekendIn5Words	3
#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight What's a weekend?	7
Best place to pause it #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight @hardwick https://t.co/TgfPIMo1K4	0
My checking account isn't overdrawn #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
#BestWeekendIn5Words Locked in with Vagina Wall @midnight	1
4 episodes of @midnight nude #BestWeekendIn5Words	1
Donald Trump suspends campaign indefinitely #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	7
Mistakingly pronounced dead in Tijuana #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
THC levels are properly maintained  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Saved Bigfoot from Ted Nugent #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
Naked and no longer afraid. #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight #pointsme	3
Husband out of town. Party!!!#BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Guessed my neighbor's WiFi password!!! #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
all sex no social media  #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	1
Romantic dinners with the cats #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
Sleep marathon in assless chaps #BestWeekendIn5Words @midnight	3
A 7 year old with a sparkler #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight   Greater Blue Ball Pennsylvania Off-KILT-er Bagpipe Orchestra plays the hits of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.	1
Hologram David Bowie #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight @nfl #PointsMe	1
@midnight One cup, two wide receivers #BetterHalftimeShows	3
Shaquille O'Neil trying to catch a chicken #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
@midnight Lawnmower Drill Team Dodges Band #BetterHalftimeShows	1
#BetterHalftimeShows Nate Silver calculates your odds of winning your office football pool. @midnight	4
@midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows crazed animals let loose on the field	7
A shark wearing a human suit #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight   Katy Perry filling out 1099 Forms for 35 minutes.	7
Sarah Palin arguing with a potato  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
"Ken Burns' ""The Civil War"" #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight"	3
Nicolas Cage/John Travolta staring contest #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@midnight #betterhalftimeshows the Wiggles cover Janet Jackson	1
@midnight lady gaga finally reveals she is actually marilyn manson in disguise. #BetterHalftimeShows	4
A session of @midnight #betterhalftimeshows	3
Patrick Stewart reads Monstress comics on the jumbo-tron @midnight #BetterHalftimeShows	4
"An intoxicated Jack Nicholson throws money at the crowd, earnestly shouting ""Where are my balloons?"" #BetterHalfTimeShows @midnight"	4
@midnight Leonardo DiCaprio VS. The Revenant Bear: Grudge Match #BetterHalftimeShows #pointsme	4
"#BetterHalftimeShows  Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz &amp; Ben Carson singing a medley of N.W.A.'s greatest hits.   @midnight"	4
The CFL championship game #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
Carrie Underwood carried underwater #BetterHalfTimeShows #SoStupid @midnight	4
"Quarterbacks and punters play D &amp; D with Bob Costas as the dungeon master @midnight #BetterHalftimeShows"	3
@midnight Trump dons white hood, blazes 50-foot cross of blunts #BetterHalftimeShows	7
Futbol #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@midnight Courtney Love. Not singing, just queefing into a Pringles can #BetterHalftimeShows	4
Trump/Shkreli Fight to the Death. Winner gets hanged. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
Flea circus #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
Real Panthers use Lady Gaga as plush toy #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
Everyone who ever made a list for Buzzfeed is fed to the top 10 predators of the animal kingdom.  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe	3
I'd rather watch a zamboni #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	7
One of my patented half hour long poops #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
A hypnotist that convinces me to care about football.  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
Lemon Party with John Madden #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight a sance	3
A shorter football game with its own halftime show and continuing such iterations #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
Radiohead, The Smiths, Evanecsence, and Tori Amos play, while razor blades are given to spectators. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe	4
2 cats 1 cucumber! #Pointsme @midnight  #BetterHalfTimeShows	3
"Bill Cosby performs  ""Bill Cosby, Himself"" on last time.  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe"	3
"Both teams going home and everyone just being like ""Welp..."" #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight"	3
Play the Star Wars trailer 10 times in a row for  a #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	3
A rap battle between Hilary and Bernie #BetterHalftimeShow @midnight	4
Weird AL does Coldplay parodies #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows any rock band from the 70s	1
Radiohead rise out of the stage behind Coldplay and beat them to death using actual talent. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
That donkey show I saw during spring break last year. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
The Bill Cosby Sleepy Time Spectacular #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@annabethgish need some fanfic recommendations?#betterhalftimeshows #scullyandmulderfinallyfuck @midnight  https://t.co/FbyXk091bz	0
Everybody goes to the bathroom & then we get back to the game, because seriously...? #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
A Bernie Sanders rally breaks out.  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
Gwyneth Paltrow ranting about gluten for 30 minutes. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
Me. Looking pretty. That's it. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe #allthepointstome #especiallyinthesecondhalf	3
Just send a guy out to mow the grass #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
@midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows reveal the secret plan	3
@midnight  12 angry men perform the Vagina Monologues #BetterHalftimeShows	4
#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight @hardwick hosts @halftime with Tom Brady, Rodger Goodell, and Left Shark as contestants	3
Sitting in quiet contemplation about where it all went wrong #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
@midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows George Clinton and the Parliament Funkadelic	3
Every member of both teams take turns cup checking Martin Shkreli #betterhalftimeshows #restingdoucheface @midnight	4
Oprah gives away puppies to kindergarten school teachers or vice versa, either way it's a #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	3
@midnight #BetterHalftimeShows Watching a femme lesbians' nail polish dry	7
@Adele executing Martin Shkreli with her voice #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
A literal theatre performance in the cold #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
Play a game of NFL with a live pig instead of a pig skin  #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
Just play the video of Whitney singing the national anthem again for a #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	1
Watching paint dry. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
The Zombie Apocalypse would be worth it if Zombie Michael Jackson rose up and did Thriller one last time. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
Concussion starring Will Smith #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@midnight A chorus of snoring grandpas. #BetterHalftimeShows	7
"@midnight episode w @joerogan @RonFunches &amp; @DougBenson... Would get HIGH ratings @hardwick #BetterHalftimeShows"	0
Pokemon Thunderdome @midnight #BetterHalftimeShows	3
For #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight I think a bunch of L trailers, posters and other Marvel'ous introductions @deadpoolmovie	7
Bernie Sanders on a stripper pole #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
#BetterHalftimeShows Two dogs and a jar of peanut butter.  @midnight	3
A boot, stamping on a human face #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	7
"Play by play recap as done by Sarah Palin ""oh don't cha know"" #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight"	1
"@midnight Vanilla Ice ""Go Ninja Go Ninja Go!"" Of course with the Ninja Turtles #BetterHalftimeShows"	4
One episode of @midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows	1
Nickelback cover band with frontman Guy Fieri #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	3
@midnight #BetterHalftimeShows Bronco vs. Panther deathmatch for animal kingdom supremacy	4
#BetterHalftimeShows Horsecorpse Racing (corpses tied upright onto horses, racing) @midnight	4
A doctor who episode #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
Cheerleaders Reenact Entire 1st Half #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	1
"#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight PrideParade breaks out as players come out of the locker&amp;admit they play fb to wear tight pants&amp;pat butts.Grr"	3
"The return of the ""Empty Arena Match"" #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight"	3
Holding your hand on the stove until the 3rd quarter  #betterhalftimeshows @midnight	7
Shia LaBeouf reading Green Eggs and Ham. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
Everybody gets to punch Martin Shkreli and Donald Trump in the face. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
@midnight  #BetterHalftimeShows  Performing the Halftime show @alyankovic and @taylorswift13	1
#BetterHalftimeShows @midnight  Maury Povich reading DNA results to the Players.	4
Sia plays organ until Justin Timberlake shows up and rips off her mask phantom of the opera style. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe	4
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders decide who the nominee will be by dueling Thunderdome-style. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #PointsMe	4
Two Zambonis #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	7
@midnight Parent raps  #BetterHalftimeShows	1
Lady Edith finally beats the living crap out of Lady Mary #BetterHalftimeShow @midnight	3
Lady Gaga finally reveals that she is really Marilyn Manson in clever disguise. #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight	4
Strippers jumping a puddle live on Periscope #BetterHalftimeShows @midnight #pointsme	4
"#BetterHalftimeShows   The return of ""Men on Football""  @midnight"	3
Bruce Wayne vs. Clark Kent Dawn of Breakfast. @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	4
@midnight  #BoringBlockbusters  Non-Lethal Weapon	3
#BoringBlockbusters  ID4: identification Day  @midnight	3
Lockjaws #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Security guards of the galaxy #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Les Meh, It's Not So Bad  @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Men in Blackface  @midnight	3
X-Men: Copyright Litigation #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Fasting Furious  @midnight	3
School of Classical Music. #BoringBlockbusters @midnight @hardwick	3
Aunt Man #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters @midnight Gone in 60 minutes	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Batman Begins Quilting	3
@midnight Midnight in Paris, Texas #BoringBlockbusters	3
The girl with the ButterflyTattoo #BoringBlockbusters @midnight #basicb #whitegirltattoos	3
Who you gonna call? Paintwatchers! #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Captain America Civil Disobedience @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Cankerman #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Finding Chemo   @midnight	8
Mission: Implausible #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Devil with the Red Capris #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Extra-men #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Interview with the Umpire #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Batman curses Superman: Yawn of Justice  @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters To Let A Mockingbird Live	3
@midnight Annie Hallmark #BoringBlockbusters	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight What Happens in Carson City	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight True Spit	3
Merge onto 34th Street #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Voting District 9 #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Guardians of the Galaxy S6 #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Tranformers: Still in the Original Packaging #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Purple Reindeer	3
Alice Looking at the Glas   #BoringBlockbusters  @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Vagina for Vendetta: The Lorena Bobbitt story	3
The Tolerant 8 #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Gone With The Wind to get lunch	3
Any given Monday #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight Planet of the Grapes	3
Man IV: The Quest For Peace #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight  #BoringBlockbusters Die Hard of Old Age	3
Jurassic Prank #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Car Trek 2: The Bathroom Stops with Mom  @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Car Trek 3: The Search for the Door Lock @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Averagers: Age of Tax Accounting @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters The Elephant Man-ny Pacquiao's Retirement	3
#BoringBlockbusters @midnight  Beverly Hills Mall Cop	3
GREEN (Geriatric Real Estate Economy Naysayers) @midnight  #BoringBlockbusters	3
Sleepy in Seattle #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Stephen Wright's A Brief History of Canada #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Ashton Kutcher presents: The Butterfly Collection #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Taxi Driver in rural Kentucky	3
299.99 (300) #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
4n+4$+i (Theoretical Mathmaticians Breaking Dimensions of International Currancy Exchange Rate Optimization) @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
James Bond: Quantum Physics of Solace #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Intercellular  @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Alien vs. Law Enforcement   @midnight	3
Ex-Men: Days of Sex Change Hormone Treatments Past @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Avengers: Age of Fortran #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  The Exercycle  @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  A Country for Some Men  @midnight	3
The Sound of Elevator Music #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Ironing Man #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Book Club #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters An American Werewolf in Paris Hilton's designer purse	3
@midnight National Public Radio Days #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Sadiator	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Full Plastic Jacket	3
Car Trek 4: The Voyage Home @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Schindler's Cyst, #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Look who didn't come to dinner #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
G.I. bill Joe: Rise of Student Loans @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Gone in sixty years. @midnight  #BoringBlockbusters	3
@midnight The Silence of the Jambs: FBI on Lockdown #BoringBlockbusters	3
Car Trek 5: The Undiscovered Country Cottage Bed and Breakfast Discount Coupon @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight Draft	3
The Color Purple, Blue, Red, Magenta, Yellow, Tan, etc #BoringBlockbusters @midnight #TheCrayolaMovie	3
@midnight No Country for Cold Men #BoringBlockbusters	3
Batman vs. Comic Book Guy #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters The Anti-Social Network	3
@midnight Harry Potter and the Room of Fully Disclosed Information #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters The Dark Knight Rises slowly from his nap	3
Regular Turtles @midnight  #BoringBlockbusters	3
@midnight The Purple Rose of Cairo, Illinois #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Psycho-analyzed	3
Captain America: Civil Discourse #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
12 Happy Men @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
There Won't Be Blood #BoringBlockbusters  @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  There Will Be Bloody Marys  @midnight	3
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Math #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#BoringBlockbusters  The Avengers: Age of Enron  @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters 2001: A Spacious Honda Odyssey	3
X-Men Applebees @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Gone with the light breeze #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight I Actually Don't Know What You Did Last Summer #BoringBlockbusters	3
Muppets Take Man's Hat #BoringBlockbusters @midnight @FozzieBear	3
Snacks on a Plane @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight Routes	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters The Toyota Matrix	3
The Hangoutter #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Captain America Civil Rights Movement @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
Kung - Fu Panderer #BoringBlockbusters @midnight #HillaryClinton https://t.co/LZ1mhW7bEX	3
#BoringBlockbusters  Cheekbones  @midnight	3
@midnight NP Argo #BoringBlockbusters	3
@midnight Trainspotting Clerical Errors #BoringBlockbusters	3
The Man From U.N.C.L.E. Fred's carpool #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Indifference Day #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Ernest Goes to the DMV #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight #BoringBlockbusters Ferris Beuller's Day At School. @hardwick	3
The Ordinary Life of Benjamin Button #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight  TransGenderFormers #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Kill Bills: Presidential Veto	3
Captain America: Civilized War #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters What's Eating Gilbert's Grape Jelly?	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Captain Make America Great Again	7
The calorie count of Monty Cristos #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
The Wizard of Snooze #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Schindler's Shopping List #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight #BoringBlockbusters Straight Outta Greenwich, CT.	3
Car Trek: The Motion Sickness Pill @midnight  #BoringBlockbusters	3
Nice Girls. #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Schindler's Grocery List	3
Little Shop of Knickknacks  #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Live Soft #BoringBlockbusters @midnight https://t.co/csuuC8X7iB	3
The Reverend #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
"@midnight #BoringBlockbusters   Angry white guys try to explain how their gun obsession &amp; racism isn't related to their tiny penises"	7
Tiffany's Breakfast. #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
#boringblockbusters @midnight Jenga Unchained	3
"@midnight #BoringBlockbusters Captain America; Civil Discussion."	3
In the line of tired #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight The Wardrobe #BoringBlockbusters	3
Hurt Bill #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Transformers: Age of Extinction - Extended Mark Wahlberg Edition @midnight #BoringBlockbusters	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Django Unchained Melody	3
National Lampoon's Animal Cracker House #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters The Wolf of Trump's US/Mexico Border Wall Street	7
National Lampoon's Shiva House #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Accountant's Creed #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Forrest Trump, #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	7
#BoringBlockbusters  Slumdog Minimum Wage Worker  @midnight	8
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Once Upon A Time In The West Indies	3
@Midnight #BoringBlockbusters Lawrence of A Rabies Outbreak	3
Sleeping in Seattle #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Another Straight White Dude #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Star Trek II: The Bath of Kahn #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
The Dark Knight Relaxes #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Lawrence in Academia #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Just The Right Amount Of Furious #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Honey, I Shrunk Your Sweater #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Rocky Horror Antiques Roadshow #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Florist Gump #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
Conan the Librarian  #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
A Fistful Of Dullards #BoringBlockbusters	3
The Craft Services #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
The Accountant of Oz #BoringBlockbusters @midnight	3
@midnight #BoringBlockbusters A Crossword Orange	3
@midnight Neil Degrassi High Tyson #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Super-polite-man #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes BackBaconator	3
#CanadianSuperheroes @midnight Even-Tempered-Bad-Haircut Man	3
Bob and Doug McKenzie-Men #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Pls tell me someone said: eh team #CanadianSuperheroes and I missed it. @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Jim Carey	0
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Wonder Puck Bunny	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Maple Tornado	3
SuperBuddy @midnight  #CanadianSuperheroes	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Captain Really Frickin Cold	3
@midnight The Metric Avenger #CanadianSuperheroes	3
The Hitman @BretHart #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@moonsong42 @c_tinamarie @midnight the maritime marauder #CanadianSuperheroes	3
"Nighthawk-y &amp; The Puck-nisher #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight"	3
Governor General!!! #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Incredible Hoser	3
Harperman #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Moose Wayne	3
The Eh-mazing Spiderman #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight @_AGrownAssMan	3
Chuck NHL Norris Trophy #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Moose Knuckle	3
Catwoman, aka Selena Dion #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight The Weeknd Avenger #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Phil Hartman-of-Steel  #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Wolverine, returned to his homeland #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	0
Molsons of the Universe #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Darth Canuck. Forgot to mention @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Harley Quinn Morenstein  #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight @HarleyPlays	3
Major Tim Horton #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight Captain Double Stick Condom #day5tryingforpoints #badinventions #CanadianSuperheroes	7
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Mighty King Clancy	3
LaBatt Blue Beetle #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight The Crimson Toque #CanadianSuperheroes	3
R2 D-Toonie #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Kids in the Hall of Justice #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight http://t.co/7RKJg3UwIv	0
Captain Courtesy and Miss Manners #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes @midnight Mountie 'Rush'more	3
The Denim Destoyer #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Seskawatchmen #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Comedians who made it to LA #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	7
Tim Thortons #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes @midnight Bionic Yukon Cornelius	3
Trebekster @midnight  #CanadianSuperheroes	3
@midnight Deadpoutine #CanadianSuperheroes	3
The Dynamic Double Double #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Amazing Spider-Moose #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Captain Canuck	3
@midnight Alex Terbek #CanadianSuperHeroes	0
@midnight boutMan (pronounced boooot-man) #CanadianSuperheroes #albertabeef	3
The Silver Snowboarder #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes  Poutine Titans @midnight	3
Major Timbits #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight  #CanadianSuperheroes   Capt Canuck	3
#CanadianSuperheroes Nick Friendly @midnight	3
@midnight  Mighty Mounted Moose de Poutine #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Fucking Eh! Man @midnight #CanadianSuperHeroes #NotSuitableForBasicCable	3
Best. Superhero. Ever. RT @midnight: Wolverink #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight http://t.co/p5PIPGGqtz	3
The what do you know Eh-Team #Canadiansuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes @Drake	0
Lieutenant Canada #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Wayne Grootzky  #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight Maple Syrup Girl #CanadianSuperheroes	3
The Vietnam Dodger #canadiansuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight The Ambiguously EH? Duo #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Captain Maple #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Anglo-French Tickler #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Man #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	0
@midnight The Canadian Shield #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Pou-Teen Titans #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes The Eh-Team in their Fortress of Sorry-tude. @midnight http://t.co/7YTtdZ5s1C	3
I Wonder if you could please stop that Woman #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	7
GOD DAMMIT #MikeLawrence I was gonna say...  The Eh Team #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Green Smoker - He's from BC.	3
Denim Dan and Dandy Lad @midnight  #CanadianSuperheroes	3
After You #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	7
The Geddy Leaper #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Not Quite As Harsh Punisher Because We Are Polite In The Great White North Eh?	7
Barry Allen Thicke #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Lauren Faust #CanadianSuperheroes  @midnight	3
Thoronto #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Uncannny Zed-Men #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes  The Black Pucker!	3
The green basterd #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight #trailerparkboys	3
The League of Frantics #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight The Lone Ranger and Toronto #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Russell Oliver - The Cash Man #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight @hardwick	3
The Liberty Lumberjack #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	7
Lion-Eh #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight Any Mounty who Never says 'Eh' #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Professor Xcuse Me @midnight  #CanadianSuperheroes	3
"@notthatjimmy @midnight the ""Chrtien from the black lagoon"" #CanadianSuperheroes"	3
When Rob Ford follows a crack and Tim Horton's binge, he transforms into...The Juggernadian! #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes deadpootine	3
Spider Anne Murray #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Captain Quirk #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight http://t.co/eUuWQsBa6J	3
@midnight The Milk-in-a-bag Man. #CanadianSuperheroes	3
"@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Super Bob &amp; Doug Mackensie"	3
Da Bears #CanadianSuperheroes #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight wolverine. #CanadianSuperheroes	0
"Beerstorm, the fusion of Bob &amp; Dave #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight"	3
Letme Getthat Foryu #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
"@midnight Ike, &amp; Butters (A.K.A Chris Hardwick) is his nemesis! #CanadianSuperheroes http://t.co/GI2L22Mssf"	3
Halifax Jordan #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
H-E double hockey sticks Boy #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Sportsmaster-just hockey though. And sometimes curling. #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	7
Super Troopers #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight  Sorey Man (written as pronounced) #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Spider-Manitoba #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight Bob and Doug Mckenezie the wonder twins #CanadianSuperheroes	3
@midnight the Dark Mountie #CanadianSuperheroes #PointsMe	3
Molson Ice Man @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Mighty Mike Myers #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Bryan Atom #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Wolverine	0
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Rick Moranis	0
Mr. Freeze #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes @colinmochrie oops revealed the secret identity @midnight	7
Howard the Puck #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Tim Horton @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes	0
The Poutine Patrolman #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CanadianSuperheroes The Mask I guess @midnight	3
Alpha Flight #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Manitoba Man	3
#CanadianSuperheroes @midnight Banffman (a/k/a the Crped Crusader)	3
The Hulk except Bruce Banner just politely smiles at criminals. @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes	7
#CanadianSuperheroes Gander Woman @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Zamboni Rider	3
The TOOK @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes http://t.co/H16Jmb7G14	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes Look! It's not your friend, guy! It's not your guy, friend! It's Superbuddy!	7
Conan the Apologizer.  #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
@midnight #CanadianSuperheroes The Wonder Twins, Terrence and Phillip	3
#CanadianSuperheroes First Nations Dave The XL Pipeline Blocker @midnight	3
Dr. Strange Brew #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Nightcurler #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
The Touk @midnight #CanadianSuperheroes	3
Canadian Captain America #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Groot MGillicuddy-Smythe #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Anne of Green Lantern #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Hockeye #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
Bobby the Builder #CanadianSuperheroes @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight The Red Dot of Insanity	3
Stray it Forward #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
I Know How the Caged Bird Tastes  #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks  The Mount of Monte's Cristo  @midnight	3
@midnight  #CatBooks Are You There God It's Me Fluffy.	3
Meow Before You #CatBooks @midnight	3
Are You There, Human?  It's Me, Mittens  #CatBooks @midnight	3
James and the Tenative Reach #CatBooks @midnight	3
A Clockwork Orange Tabby. #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Girl Who Loved Tom Cats #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight  To Kill a Mocking Bird, Any Bird Really	3
@midnight Tale of Two Kitties #CatBooks	3
ARE YOU THERE DOG? IT'S ME, GARFIELD   @midnight #CatBooks	3
"@midnight   ""Cat Fight Club"" #CatBooks"	3
The Sound and the Furry #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
A Song of Mice and Fur @midnight #CatBooks	3
See Cats Run. @midnight  #CatBooks	3
Litter Box on the Prairie #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Nine Lives of Walter Kitty @midnight #CatBooks	3
Lady Catterley's Lover. #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight The Mousefinder	3
Leaves of Cat-Grass  #CatBooks @midnight	3
Love In The Time Of Hairballs #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks A Farewell To Arm Chairs @midnight	3
The Handmaid's Yarn #CatBooks @Midnight https://t.co/lh4OZuXic2	3
100 Years Of Ingratitude #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight  The Scratcher in the Rye	3
"@DuckMusings Don't you mean ""Scratcher in the Eye""? #CatBooks @midnight"	7
Are You There God? Its Me, Morris #CatBooks @midnight	3
Kitten Poop for the Soul #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Cats of Amontillado #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
@midnight One Fish Two Fish My Fish No (more) Fish #CatBooks	3
@midnight meow-by dick #CatBooks	3
A Clockwork Orange Tabby #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
The cat in the cat #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight  #CatBooks My Side Of The Scratching Post.	3
@midnight  the Cat in her Gap #CatBooks	3
#CatBooks @midnight As I Lay Dying ... I'm Unconcerned Cuz I Gotz 8 More To Go!	3
#CatBooks @midnight Bring 'em Back Alive and give them to your human	3
The Invisible Maze Runner. #CatBooks @midnight	3
THE BIG SHORTHAIR   @midnight #CatBooks	3
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Meow #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The cat that flew over the cuckoos nest. #catbooks	3
The Secret Life of Walter Kitty  #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Chronicles of Narnia? #Catbooks	3
@midnight I Know Why The Caged Bird Is Nervous #CatBooks	3
Oh, The Places You'll Look For Me, But I Won't Be In Any Of Them  #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Smell Jar  #CatBooks @midnight	3
Purrassic Park #CatBooks @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
Things Ripped Apart. #CatBooks @midnight	3
50 Shades of Stray #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Catfather #CatBooks @midnight https://t.co/MBfwyxwvww	3
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Catnip #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Importance of Feeding Ernest.  Ernest is the Cat's Name.  #CatBooks @midnight	3
A Feral to Arms #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
Hey @midnight! You dig #CatBooks. Check out the one I wrote on @readstela. It's called SPACE TAILS. https://t.co/M6Gx6OxZqx	3
Lord of the Felines #CatBooks @midnight #pointsme	3
Eat, Sleep, Bite #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight  The Seven Habits Of Bloodthirsty Killing Machines	7
@midnight Harry Pussy and the Prisoner of the Laundry Basket #catbooks	3
@midnight The Angry Cat in the Hat #CatBooks	3
To Kill A Mockingbird for lunch  #CatBooks @midnight	3
Who Has Been Chewing on All the Flowers for Algernon?  #CatBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight Harry Potter &amp; the Litter of Secrets #CatBooks"	3
@midnight  #CatBooks , not a book but still funny, 2 cats, 1 litter box	3
#CatBooks @midnight  The Old Man And The Cat Who Ate His Face	3
The Thirty-Nine Lives. #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Purrfect Storm #CatBooks @midnight	3
50 Shades Of Pussy  #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Stray Who Came in From the Cold. #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #CatBooks Catcher 'n the Fly	3
Alice in catnip land  #CatBooks  @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight The Call of the Windowsill	3
Scratch 22 Times For Seemingly No Reason #CatBooks @midnight	3
Even my Cat Knows That Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot #catbooks @midnight	7
Memories of the Future...  When we rule the world. #CatBooks @midnight @wilw	3
@midnight #CatBooks to disembowel a mockingbird	3
Rocking Chair nightmare @midnight #CatBooks	3
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No-Good, Very Bad Day That We Ran Out of Kitty Treats!  #CatBooks @midnight	3
A Cat Tree Grows In Brooklyn  #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #catbooks  the cat in the box... https://t.co/3QWfVmOfio	3
A Tale of Two Kittys #CatBooks @midnight	3
Cat-lover's Travels. #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight Fang and Claw	3
@midnight  #catbooks 50 shades of tabby	3
Must Hate Dogs #CatBooks @midnight	3
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (Before Getting Caight and Eaten). #CatBooks @midnight	3
The Scratcher in the Eye  #CatBooks @midnight	3
Run All Night... Over your head, for no reason.   #CatBooks @midnight	3
Harry Pussy and the Order of the Birdy @midnight #CatBooks #NoodleStories	3
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a Doo Doo Head #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Pride and Aloofness #CatBooks	3
@midnight Friskies Business #CatBooks	3
@midnight  #CatBooks Everybody Poops...In A Box...	3
@midnight #CatBooks wind in the pussywillows	3
The Litter Prince @midnight #CatBooks	3
Eat. Prey. Lick. #CatBooks @midnight	3
Eat Purr Love #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Of Mice and Birds #CatBooks	3
Tiger, Toyger, Snowshoe, Bombay. #CatBooks @midnight	3
Calico of the Wild #CatBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight #CatBooks  .."" Fifty Shades of Cat Hair"""	3
@midnight #catbooks best little cathouse in Texas https://t.co/uq9rhLDrAh	3
Tender Vittle Women #CatBooks @midnight	3
Zoe's Tail. #CatBooks @midnight @scalzi	3
You're Never Weird on the Internet, when you're a cat. #CatBooks @midnight @feliciaday	3
"@midnight ""The Power of Meow: A spiritual enlightenment"" #CatBooks"	3
Cat of la munchies #catbooks @midnight   #howtoruinacollection https://t.co/xznMbBpZbn	3
For Whom the Collar's Bell Tolls. #CatBooks @midnight	3
Devon Rex. #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks As I Lay Purring @midnight	3
1 Fish 2 Fish Red Fish Yum  @midnight #CatBooks	3
A Tale of Two Kitties #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks The Round and The Furry @midnight	3
Ate the Mockingjay #catbooks @midnight	3
A Wrinkle In Time Is The Only Explanation For How Good This Cat Is At Hiding From Me  #CatBooks @midnight	3
@midnight All the Light We Cannot Catch #CatBooks	3
#CatBooks @midnight Kitten Carson	3
To Kill A Mockingbird and leave it in my owners shoes for them to find. #CatBooks  @midnight	3
#CatBooks  The Color Purrple  @midnight	3
Octopussy The Nadya Suleman Story #CatBooks @midnight	3
To Haz and Haz Not #CatBooks @midnight	3
So Long, And Manx For All The Fish #CatBooks @midnight	3
Me Toxoplasmosis Pretty One Day #CatBooks @midnight	3
Hunt for red dot over and over  #CatBooks @midnightnight #lasers	3
@midnight The Chronicles of Yarnia #CatBooks	3
The Feline of The Baskervilles #CatBooks @midnight	3
#CatBooks @midnight  I Know Why the Caged Bird No Longer Sings	3
Spay It Forward #CatBooks @midnight	3
Of Mice and Mice  #CatBooks @midnight	3
Fancy Feast Of Eden   #CatBooks @midnight	3
The red dots are coming! #CatHistory @midnight	3
The assassination of President Garfield #CatHistory @midnight	3
The Vetnam War #CATHISTORY @midnight	3
@midnight #CatHistory Thomas Edison invents the lightbulb. And a cat says that's nice and pushes it off the table.	3
(Sun)light, litter box, and the pursuit of the red dot #cathistory @midnight	3
The Boston Flea Party #CATHISTORY @midnight	3
@midnight The Great Hairball of China #CatHistory	3
The Stray Market Riots #CATHISTORY @midnight	3
Bay of Cats #CatHistory @midnight	3
#CatHistory @midnight The CATastrophic explosion of the of the Hindenburg purigible...	3
My only regret is that I have but 9 lives to give for my country.  @midnight #cathistory	3
#CatHistory @midnight 04-20-1969. The day cats learned how to smoke cat nip...	3
Boston Massacat #CatHistory @midnight	3
The Salem Whisker Trials #CatHistory @midnight	3
The 1983 Gravel Revolt, Illinois.  #cathistory @midnight http://t.co/PtsWGLNMVF	3
9 Lives Matter #CATHISTORY @midnight	3
#CatHistory recreCATion of the Sistene Catpul @midnight http://t.co/bAnDX7IClg	3
@midnight #CatHistory The rise of Meow Zedong	3
Remember the meowlamo #CatHistory @midnight	3
Nazi Dogs #CatHistory @midnight	3
Berlin Wall knocked down. Oh hey you saw that? Could you maybe feed me cause it's been an hour #CatHistory @midnight	3
#NewNFLTeams The Jacksonville And Carolina Tiny Kittens #CatHistory @midnight	3
Meowwschwitz (so sorry)  #CatHistory @midnight	3
Emeowcipation Proclameowtion #CatHistory @midnight	3
The Declaration of Indifference  #CatHistory @midnight	3
#CatHistory @midnight The historical day cat scientists realized, after murdering 9 of their test subjects, that cats don't have 9 lives...	3
Julius Catser #CatHistory @midnight	3
Discovery of String Theory: String is Awesome  #CatHistory @midnight	3
Let them eat Fancy Feast. #cathistory @midnight	3
@midnight Carrie Under-the-Wood. #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees #JamesBond Roger SycaMoore  #ICantSleep	3
Morgan TreeMan #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Justin Treedeau #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Palm Treeamatti @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees George Bush	3
The OAK Ridge Boys  #CelebriTrees @Midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Chris Hardwood @hardwick was this done already	3
Elijah Redwood @Midnight #celebritrees	3
Photosynthesissy Spacek #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
I know I'm a bit late, but, Aspen Kutcher. #CelebriTrees @midnight @hardwick	3
star wars on it: JJ Alderaans #Celebritrees @midnight	3
Barbara Walters Pine Dwayne The Rock Oak Johnson Ben ASPEN  Sugar BAY Leonard im like a Celebricultural serviceXD @midnight  #CelebriTrees	3
Conifer Lopez #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Bernie Sandlewood @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Heather Hemlocklear  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Ron Funguses #Celebritrees @midnight	3
S-Elm-a Hayek  #CelebriTrees @Midnight	3
Bambruno Mars #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Danny Treejo (of Machete) #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Celo Treen	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Marilyn Mon-Rose Bush	3
Lorne Ever-Greene  #CelebriTrees @Midnight	3
@midnight Michael Douglasfir #CelebriTrees	3
Deciduous Elba.  #CelebriTrees @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Jon Bonsai Jovi	3
"Sycamorrissey ""There is a sun, and it never goes down"" #CelebriTrees @midnight"	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Tickle-Me-Elm	3
BaoBABS #CelebriTrees @midnight https://t.co/cNez7pBhu9	3
Paul Fig  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Big jay oakerson #CelebriTrees @midnight @bigjayoakerson	3
@midnight Willow Smith #CelebriTrees.	0
Ice Teak #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Randy of the Redwoods #RIPformerMTVemploees	3
Catherine Cedar Jones #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Turd Fernguson #CelebriTrees	3
Hall and Oaks #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Betty White Spruce. Robert Redfir. Bruce Springtree. Holly Bay Hunter. #CelebriTrees	3
James Woods  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Jimi Hen-and-chicks #Celebritrees @midnight (No, not a tree, but too good to pass up.)	3
#CelebriTrees @midnight   Christree Brinktree  Christreena Appletree   Treeonc  Justin TIMBERRRRRRR-lake  Treeto Ortreez	3
Rosewood McGowan #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Chris Hemlock  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Lance basswood @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Andrew Lincoln Log #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
John Wilkes Beech  #CelebriTrees @Midnight	3
Amanda Pines @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Mike Bubingalia #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Seth Evergreen #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Leaf Erikson @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight rEd Wood. #CelebriTrees	3
Michelle Branch #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Lumberjack Nicholson #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Quintin Tarantreeno @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Spruce Wanye #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Woody Harrelson #CelebriTrees @midnight	0
Alexandre Dumas the Elder #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Lisa Kudzu @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight Thora Birch Tree #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight Alanis SycaMorissette #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees TWIGGY	0
Riki Lindenhome and Kate Mahogany #Celebritrees @midnight	3
Ryan Mossling @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
"Thora ""Chinese Dwarf"" Birch #CelebriTrees #worksonsomanylevels @midnight"	3
EuCALyptus Worthington #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight @WhitneyCummings @chrisdelia Thora Birch #CelebriTrees	3
Snoop Dogwood.  Formerly, Snoop Dandelion.  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Bark Obama #CelebriTrees	3
ELMo Lincoln #Celebritrees @Midnight #obscureCelebrities	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Stan Tree	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Donald Trunk	3
Black ash ketchum @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Dogwood the Bounty Hunter #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees  The Cedar Tree Rules	3
@midnight Weeping Willow Smith #CelebriTrees	3
Bokeem WOODbine @midnight #CelebriTrees #KillMeNow #stuckinaLoop	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Cate Branchett	3
Spruce Springsteen #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Loggins and Magnolia #Celebritrees @midnight	3
Twiggy (And her brother Shrubby) #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Robert Maple-Thorpe  #CelebriTrees @Midnight	3
BaoBob Dylan #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Judah wood champion #CelebriTrees	3
Jack White Pine and Jack Black Pine #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Justin Timberlake #CelebriTrees @midnight	0
@midnight Spruce Lee #CelebriTrees	3
Treeyonce #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
a little late, but...Leonardo DeCrabtree-o #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Larry Willowmore	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Cedar the Dogwood whisperer	3
#celebritrees c-tree-p-o #atmidnight @midnight	3
Treehanna.  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Willow Wheaton	3
#CelebriTrees @midnight Leonard Treemoy	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Celine Treeon	3
Sequoia Jackson @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
Elizabeth Shue Tree Eddie Money Tree #CelebriTrees @midnight  (Yeah, way too literal, I know)	3
Don Seedle from Hotel Rowanda #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Birch Aldrin. #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Christofern willowken	3
Chris Hardwood  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
#CelebriTrees @midnight Benedict CumberBirch	3
Iggy Poplar #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Whitney Seamentree  (it's a real thing google it) #celebritrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Ashton Kutcher	0
@midnight Liam Teakson #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Chris Hardtrunk	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees WILLOW smith	0
Bondzai James Bondzai  #JamesBond #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Pistache Sycamore Hawthorn #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Leef Erickson	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Leaf ledger	3
Michael Ian Black Walnut @CelebriTrees @midnight	3
SheriLinden Fenn #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Oak J Simpson #CelebriTrees  @midnight	3
@midnight Atreez Ansari. Mary Poplar, SupercalifragilisticexpialiDeciduous! #CelebriTrees	3
#CelebriTrees @midnight Fiona Apple	0
James Redwood @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight Donald Trunk. #CelebriTrees	3
Morris chestnut @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Pine Daly	3
@midnight Fern Troyer #CelebriTrees	3
Ronald Branches @RonFunches @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Jon Pertree. Amelia Pondcypress. Conistofir Eccleston. Doctor Blue-spruce.	3
#CelebriTrees  Hugh LumberJackman @midnight	3
Aziz AnsarTree #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Philip Sycamore Hoffman #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Paul Treeamatti  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Andre the Giant Sequoia  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Points Eastwood #celebritrees #twd #roarbacon	3
Donald Stump #celebritrees @midnight	3
Samuel Elm Jackson #CelebriTrees @midnight (it's what the L stands for)	3
@midnight Christina Appleblossom  #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight  Keanu Leaves #CelebriTrees	3
Juniper Lopez @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
@midnight #celebritrees Miley Cypress	3
@midnight Michael Douglas-Fir #CelebriTrees	3
Log Chaney  #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Elijah Wood #CelebriTrees @midnight	0
Bark Wahlberg #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Douglas Fir Benstoned #CelebriTrees	3
Sigourney Treever #celebritrees @hardwick @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick #celebritrees Shia LaBush	3
Cee Lo EverGreen @midnight  #CelebriTrees #killme	3
Elm MacPherson.  #Celebritrees @Midnight #pointsme  cc @ellemacpherson :-D	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees Sean AsPenn #somebodyhelpme	3
Cedar the ENTertainer #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight Jonah Hills Oak. Liam Hemlock. Kate Hudson Bay Pine. Missy Elliot Oak. Juniper Roberts. #CelebriTrees	3
Arbor Day Lewis #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
@midnight #CelebriTrees  Birch Reynolds Christo-Fir Trees Spruce Springsteen	3
Old Growth Forest Whittaker #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
.Morgan TREEman.....lol @midnight #CelebriTrees	3
#CelebriTrees @midnight James Woods (Duh)	0
BaoBob Newheartwood #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Adam Sandlewood #CelebriTrees  @midnight	3
Miley Cyprus #CelebriTrees @midnight	3
Keg Stan Lee #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
"Lecture Hall &amp; Oates #collegecelebs @midnight"	3
@Midnight #CollegeCelebs Miami Hurricanelo Alvarez	3
Paula AbDual Enrollment  #collegecelebs @midnight	3
Johnny Debt  #hashtagwars #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Jon FavRhodes Scholarship #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
#CollegeCelebs Emily Blount @midnight	3
@Midnight #CollegeCelebs U.C.L.A. Reid	3
Prince-ton University @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
Rupert Grant #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight  Dan Milder #CollegeCelebs	3
Bill Cosby Modeling Academy #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Christian Yale @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
@midnight bill tailgates #CollegeCelebs	3
Twisted Little Sister #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
"Dwayne ""The Sock on the Door"" Johnson #CollegeCelebs @midnight"	3
MOOCkie Blaylock #collegecelebs @midnight	3
Robert De Nearly burnt out  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Mister Rutgers Neighborhood  @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
The College of William and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
The University Formerly known As PrinceTon #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Frat Pitt  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Hardwick Yard #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Idris Elbsolut Vodka @midnight #CollegeCelebs @idriselba	3
Harvard Keitel #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Elizabeth Bank's calling and you're broke #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Mickey Roofie @midnight #CollegeCelebs	3
Vanderbilt Rules #CollegeCelebs @midnight #bravo	3
Notre Dame Edna #CollegeCelebs @midnight (Ok, I'm done now.)	3
@midnight Sean UCONNery #CollegeCelebs	3
Angelina Jo-Loyola Marymount @midnight #collegecelebs	3
Drexel Rose  @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
Cal State FullerTony Danza #CollegeCelebs @midnight #csuf	3
@midnight Jennifer college of Lawrence #CollegeCelebs	3
@midnight Date Ralph Fiennes #CollegeCelebs	3
#CollegeCelebs Lizzy Caplan B @midnight	3
UC Geena Davis @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
@Midnight #CollegeCelebs Sarah Lawrence of Arabia College	3
"Luke Bryant &amp; Stratton @midnight #collegecelebs"	3
Bern it at both ends Sanders #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
"Don ""UConn"" Cornelius @midnight  #CollegeCelebs"	3
Rob Student Loans #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Flip cup Saunders #CollegeCelebs	3
Harrison Oxford  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Gilbert Got Fried #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Lydia Hearst College #CollegeCelebs @midnight @nerdist	3
Colin Quinnipiac University #collegecelebs @midnight	3
Marisa Tomeitos for dinner cuz I'm broke  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Michael Chuglas #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Sallie Mae Jepsen #CollegeCelebs	3
Michael Ceran Wrapped Toilet Seat #CollegeCelebs @midnight @MichaelCeraPost	3
#CollegeCelebs Christopher Walken of shame @midnight	3
Rita Ora-l Exam #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Marquette Maron #CollegeCelebs	3
Bradley Whitford College #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Kanye Western Kentucky #CollegeCelebs	3
@midnight Christian Baylor  #CollegeCelebs	3
Howard Stern University #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Fred thurst #CollegeCelebs	3
Trump University Fighting Steaks #collegecelebs @midnight	3
Steve Harvey Mudd #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Robe Reiner #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Bruce Spring-Breaksteen #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Emma Keystone Light. #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
#CollegeCelebs Drake 'n' bake @midnight	3
@Midnight #CollegeCelebs Harrison Fordham University	3
The Fresh Princeton of Bel Air #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight David Frat Browie #CollegeCelebs	3
Arnold Throwzakegger #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Textbook Buy-Beck #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Norman Degreedus #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Carrie Undergrad #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Kanye West Virginia Mountaineers @midnight #collegecelebs	3
@midnight Sean Penn State #CollegeCelebs	3
Gerard Butler #CollegeCelebs @midnight @butleru	3
Prince-ton @midnight #CollegeCelebs	3
Bryn Mawrwrwrwrwrwr College at Kashyyyk #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Oral Roberts Redford U. #CollegeCelebs  @midnight	3
@Midnight #CollegeCelebs The Artist Formerly Known As Princeton	3
Rutgers Howard #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Harvard James Olmos #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
I.T.T. Tech N9ne @midnight #CollegeCelebs	3
Josh Hartnetflix for 10 hours straight #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Michael Last-Bender #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Obrynn Mawrtell #CollegeCelebs	3
Wayne (Newton) State #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Kevin No Personal Space-y  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Sorority Weaver #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
#CollegeCelebs  Stephen Colbrewski  @midnight	3
#CollegeCelebs Arianna Grande pumpkin spice latte @midnight	3
University of Buffalo Bill #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
The Mizzou Tiger Beats #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
I graduated Mila Kun Laud @midnight  #CollegeCelebs	3
UCLADY Gaga #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
DeClaire Danes #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Stanford and Sons #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Lee Majors  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Natalie Dormer #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Lady Gonzaga #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
UCLA-nor Roosevelt #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Mizzolander #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Delta Kai Ryssdal #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Tom Skidmore #CollegeCelebs @midnight #sizemoreorless	3
#CollegeCelebs James Blount @midnight	3
CafeteRihanna #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
"Bernie Mac &amp; Cheese #CollegeCelebs @midnight"	3
Jessica Cha-stain on my mattress won't go away #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
#CollegeCelebs  Co Mr. Ed  @midnight	3
"@midnight Professor ""Xavier"" #CollegeCelebs"	3
Atomic Barbie-zon  perform  Tuesday @The_Annoyance 9:30  and Wednesday @SecondCityChiTC Blackout Cabaret 10:30  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Joaquin's next child University Of Phoenix #CollegeCelebs	3
Keira Knightschool #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Delete your internet history Hasselhoff #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Fresh Princeton of Bel-Air @midnight #collegeCelebs	3
Moe Howard University #CollegeCelebs @midnight https://t.co/z77DmJBE3m	3
@midnight #collegecelebs penn and teller state	3
Edward James Almost an adult #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Mark Chuggalo @midnight #CollegeCelebs @MarkRuffalo	3
Will.i.amette #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Your Neil Patrick Harris being held while you puke #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Red @hopesolo Cup #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Pomina Kunis #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Gabrielle Student Union  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
"Dwayne ""The Sock On The Door Handle"" Johnson #CollegeCelebs @midnight"	3
Mini-fridgerator Perry #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Johnny Sudent Loan Depp #CollegeCelebs #hashtagwars	3
Lady Ga Ganzoga   #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Princeton Rogers Nelson #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
UConnie Chung #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Tina Fey Art College #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Ron Howard University #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Wake Forest Whitaker #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Kevin Smith University #collegecelebs @midnight	3
Tom Hardly Graduating #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Syllabus Shepherd #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Gordon Rams Ass #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Frat Savage #CollegeCelebs @midnight @FredSavageRap	3
#CollegeCelebs Study Buddy Guy @midnight	3
"@midnight Texas A&amp;M Night Shyamalan #CollegeCelebs"	3
"Notre Dame Helen Mirren - drinks you under the table &amp; says grace for you. #CollegeCelebs @midnight"	3
Notorious B.I.G. Man on Campus #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
McFly University. #collegecelebs @midnight  https://t.co/Bu5i7Fg9jX	3
Javier Bard #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Elisabeth UC Berkley #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Chris Fratt #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
May Weeknd #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
University of Texas Winter @midnight #collegecelebs	3
#CollegeCelebs Auburn Plaza @midnight	3
Robin Wright my paper in a coffee frenzy  #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
University of Joaquin Phoenix (Unsurprisingly, the quality of education is about the same).  @midnight #CollegeCelebs	3
Finals Richie #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Dorm MacDonald #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Notre Dame Judi Dench #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Weird Alcohol Poisoning #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Kappa Kappa Ke$ha #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Ray Ramen-o #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight   Céline D on your term paper  #CollegeCelebs	3
Huge Grant #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Morgan Freshman #CollegeCelebs @midnight	3
Iron Man: Civil War Pigs #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Darkseid of the Moon #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Whoooaaaa Black Adam, bam alam! #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Hoth In Herrre"" #Nelly"	3
MISTYque #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
X-Men Gon Give It To Ya #ComicBookSongs   @midnight	3
It's not easy being Green Lantern #ComicbookSongs @midnight	3
The Hulk's favorite album:  Smash,  by The Offspring #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
flash-dance-point #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
You Make Me Feel Like A Natural Wonder Woman  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
My Super Girl #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Dr. Strange Brew  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"#comicbooksongs ""Sgt Rock and Cap all night"" @midnight"	3
Rock Around the Croc #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Gotham Girls on Film #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
We're gonna rock down to,  Electro Avenue #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Total Apocalypse Of the Heart #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Zod Only Knows #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"#ComicBookSongs ""Nothing but a Lee thing"" @midnight"	3
"@midnight  #ComicBookSongs ""I shot the commissioner's daughter,"" by the Joker"	3
Star spangled Bruce banner @midnight  #ComicBookSongs	3
@midnight Bat Romance by Lady Gaga #ComicBookSongs	3
Grodd bless America @midnight  #ComicBookSongs	3
Penny Lois Lane  @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Back in Black Canary. #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Mister Fantastic, Tamborine Man #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Dont You Forget About Me. (The Reboot Song.)   #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
Bad NecRomancer #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@Midnight #ComicbookSongs  You Don't Mess Around With Jim Hunter https://t.co/FBMJyEO4ki	3
"@midnight  #ComicBookSongs X-men's &amp; O's"	3
Grootloose  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #comicbooksongs   You gotta Fight for your right to mutate	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs Bad Bad hulk made Brown	3
It's A Tin Tin  #ComicBookSongs @midnight #petshopboys	3
"@midnight  #ComicBookSongs ""Papa's got a new utility belt"""	3
Sentinel My Love #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
I wanna see some naked dudes, that's why I built this Deadpool. -@blink182 #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Mr. Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy. #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Friend Of The Daredevil"" by The Grateful Walking Dead"	3
Somewhere Over the Bifrost #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Mystique Blue #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
AndI'm here to remind you. Of themess you left when youwent away #rememberSakovia #destroyanempire #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"Blowjob Betty &amp; Veronica #ComicBookSongs @midnight"	3
@midnight @steveagee @eliroth @spikeferesten Captain America, Send My Love (To Your New Lover) -Peggy  @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Superman is Salt. Batman is Pepa. #ComicBookSongs @midnight @eliroth https://t.co/gZToNjLyUv	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Love Is A Battlefield Earth"" #PatBenatar"	3
Bad Moon Knight Rising.  #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
"@midnight  #ComicBookSongs ""(I am) Superman"" - REM"	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs Daredevil With The Blue Dress	3
Kal-el me maybe #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Green Arrows (instrumental by Booker T. and the MGs). #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Holding Out For A Super-Hero"" #BonnieTyler"	3
Sorry I'm not home right now, I'm walking into Spidermanwebs. #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Nothin But A Kree Thang  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Every Rose Has A Thor  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Heroing by Lou Reed Richards #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
Radioactive (man) #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Jeremiah was a Frogman @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Ra's al Ghoulish #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Billie Jean Grey  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Quit Playing Hunger Games With My Heart"" @backstreetboys"	3
KILLING ME SOFTLY WITH HIS CLAWS #RobertaFlack #Wolverine  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Yellow Submariner #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
I shot the boy wonder But I didn't shoot no Batman ha! Ha! Ha! #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Rhythm of the Nightwing  #ComicBookSongs  @midnight @hardwick	3
Silver Surfer and Gold #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
The Scat Man (of steel) #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
The Book of Love is part of a larger saga that spans the multiverse. @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Stuck in the New 52 #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Are you pulling your Hashtag War topics out of hat?  #ComicBookSongs indeed!	3
I Believe I Can Fly Due to Radiation @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Cold as Iceman.  #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
Smells like Teen Titans Spirit  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
It's raining, Uncle Ben. #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Squirrely Squirrely Squirrely Squirrely Girl"" #ComicBookSongs (I just dated myself)"	3
Greensleeves Arrow #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
No Where Mandrake #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Help Me, Robin #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Nor'Easter Ororo @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother Voodoo  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Blue Devil Inside. #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs Your Body Is A Wonder Woman	3
Bring on the Nightwing. #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Papa Don't Preacher"" #Madonna"	3
Bringin' Sexy Batman  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs the Green Lantern Lies Down on Broadway	3
Ant-Man in the Box #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight  #ComicBookSongs ""I'm no Superman"" - Lazlo Bane"	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs Everybody wear spandex Tonight	3
Hulk do anything for love.  Hulk won't do that.  @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Ghost Thing in the Sky Because He's Teaming Up With the Falcon #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
One Man Thing Leads To Another.  #comicbooksongs @midnight	3
@midnight Blame it on the Bane #ComicBookSongs	3
Suicide Squad Solution  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
My Life Would Puck Without You #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
I killed robin but I didn't shoot the batman #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Mighty Thor Sings the Blues #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
The Eobard Thawne Song by Cisco Ramon #ComicBookSongs @midnight #TheFlash @Tha_Los @CavanaghTom @grantgust	3
Ronan on a River #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
I Love Sgt. Rock and Roll @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Rap Zod #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Wonder Man Loves a Woman @midnight #ComicBookSongs https://t.co/Ppwqw3Vv1j	3
Drax in Black I Want You Drax Ten Drax Commandments Drax Or White Baby Got Drax Drax the Knife My Neck, My Drax #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Green-lantern-sleeves #ComicBookSongs  @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookSongs Whoot, Thor It Is	3
Beast of Burden @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Son of a Preacher Man #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Dr. Manhattan Blues #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
The Chemicals Between Us (Have caused an incredible mutation)  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
WonderWomanWall #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Black Widow Woman #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Oh Stan Lee   #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #ComicBookSongs ""Short D*ck Superman"" #20Fingers"	3
When you get caught between Dr. Doom and New York City #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Electro Avenue #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
You're So Bane #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Constantine Craving #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
Asgardian Rhapsody #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@midnight What if Zod was one of us? #ComicBookSongs	3
With Thor, Without You @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Love Rorschach @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
Deadpool Man's Party @midnight #ComicBookSongs	3
I Can't Feel My Two-Face When I'm With You  #ComicBookSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Jokerface #ComicBookSongs	3
Me and Mrs. Jessica Jones @midnight #comicbooksongs	3
Iron man vs food @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
NCIS: Metropolis. #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Parent-Red Hood #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Flash Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
I love ROM Spaceknight #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Supermanos #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Bat-chelor #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookTVShows X-Men Files	3
Wonder Women a weekend marathon on Lifetime. #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
So You Think You Can Bamf #ComicBookTVShows @midnight https://t.co/oSxcM4WuEU	3
Veronica Martian the Manhunter #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Savage Docs	3
Moon Knight lighting #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Alfred Pennyworth Hitchcock Presents  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight @nerdist CNN= Comic Nerd Network #ComicBookTVShows	3
The Booster Golden Girls  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Moms #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Beta Ray Bill Cosby Show #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Dick Grayson Van Dyke Show #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight My Catwoman From Hell	3
Loki Project  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Super Two And A Half Men #ComicBookTVShows	3
@midnight The Walking Dredd #ComicBookTVShows	3
The Fresh Prince of Wakanda #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Strange M.D. #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Welcome back Kronos #ComicBookTVShows  @midnight	3
The Real Housewives of Krypton  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookTVShows Keeping Up with the Lehnsherr-Maximoffs	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight The Dr. Octopus Show	3
Being Inhuman #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
I dream of Jeannie Grey #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
"Mork &amp; Mindy &amp; Magneto #ComicBookTVShows @midnight"	3
It's always sunny in Star City #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows Bartoc the Quantum Leaper @midnight	3
Man of Remington Steele #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight @PointsMe  #ComicBookTVShows  Better Kal-El	3
@midnight The Flash  #ComicBookTVShows	3
ROM Spaceknight Rider #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Fawlty Avengers Towers  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Bringing up Thanos #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Monty Python's Flying Mutants  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Iron Sides Man #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Ghost Knight Rider. #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Flash vs. Evil Deadpool	3
The X-Men Factor @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight South Parker	3
Morbius the living Vampire Slayer #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Radioactive Man vs Wild @midnight #ComicBookTVShows	3
Mutant-ish #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Family Guy Gardener #ComicBookTVShows @midnight #greenlanterncorps	3
@midnight #hashtagwars #ComicBookTVShows #TheFlash Point of an #Arrow	3
Gambit of Thrones @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
Beta Ray Bill Street Blues  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Hill Street Blue Beetle #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Captain Americans  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Join or Die with Tony Stark	3
Silver Surfer Spoons #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Deadshot Like Me #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Twilight Phantom Zone  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Gilmore Super Girls  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight  #ComicBookTVShows The Walking Deadpool	3
The Atom McBeal #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Pretty Little Villian Lairs  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Booster Golden Girls #ComicBookTVShows @midnight https://t.co/jRVwRKwStW	3
Everybody Loves X-Rayman....d #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookTVShows Mr. Steve Roger's Neighborhood	3
Talking Deadpool #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Booster Golden Girls #ComicBookTVShows	3
Joker Connection  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
"She Hulk &amp; the Bear #ComicBookTVShows @midnight"	3
Superman-natural #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Extreme Makeover: Secret Lair Edition #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows  Clifford The Big Red Romulan @Midnight	3
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Manhattan #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Unbreakable Luke Cage @midnight #ComicBookTVShows	3
Banner and Butthead #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
My favorite martian manhunter #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Lumberjane the Virgin #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Married with Charles Xavier #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
King Shark Tank #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Kal-El Fornication #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Peter Parkers and Rec @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
American Ninja Turtles Warrior #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Iron Man Chef #ComicBookTVShows	3
@midnight The Black Widow List #ComicBookTVShows	3
Two And A Half Batmen @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
Hells Kitchen Law #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #ComicBookTVShows This Old House of Mystery	3
Don't Trust the Jessica Jones in Apt. 23 @midnight #ComicBookTVShows	3
St. Neverwhere #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Wonder Twins Years #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Orphan Black Canary #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Sea Wolverine	3
The Ghost Rider Whisperer #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Flash Dolls	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Professor X-Files	3
The Marvel Years #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Laverne and she hulk #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Scream Oliver Queens  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Breaking Batman #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Tigra on Top	3
Attack of the Teen Titians  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Mad X-Men #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Family Guy Gardner #ComicBookTVShows	3
Battlestar lord Galactica  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight scorpion #ComicBookTVShows	3
@midnight discovery King shark week #ComicBookTVShows	3
#ComicBookTVShows @Midnight  .         Mickey Maus Club	3
The Flashpoint #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Waynes #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Moon Knight Rider #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Being Human Torch #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Hellboy's Kitchen #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Daily Planet Show #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
That's so Raven  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Captain America's Funniest Home Videos  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Keeping up with the Kryptonians	3
The Amazing Spider-Man Race #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Nurse Loki #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight captain American Restoration #ComicBookTVShows	3
#ComicBookTVShows Mirror Master of None @midnight	3
@midnight  #ComicBookTVShows When Kakarot meet Kalel	3
#ComicBookTVShows @midnight Judge Grimm	3
@midnight #ComicBookTVShows Green Lantern Acres	3
"Law &amp; Order &amp; Hawk &amp; Dove #ComicBookTVShows @midnight"	3
King of Oliver Queens  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
All in the Marvel family  #comicbooktvshows @midnight	3
Star Lord The Next Generation  #ComicBookTVShows @ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Sabertooth and son #ComicBookTVShows  @midnight	3
Real housewives of the Avengers #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Harley Quinn, Medicine Woman #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Dancing with the Starlords #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Wonder Twin Peaks  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Two and a Half X-Men #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Madman About You #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Y the Last Man on Earth #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Magnum P. Eye of Agamotto #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Sex and the Gotham City  #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Captain America's Got Talent #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Jersey Thor.   #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Larry Sandman Show #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
Veep for Vendetta #ComicBookTVShows @midnight	3
The Dukes of Asgard @midnight #ComicBookTVShows	3
That's So Kraven. @midnight #ComicBookTvShows	3
Don't trust the B in apartment X-23 #ComicbookTVShows @midnight	3
Scott Pilgrim vs the world wide of sports #ComicBookTVShows  @midnight	3
Magneto in the Middle @midnight  #ComicBookTVShows	3
The Zod Couple @midnight #ComicBookTVShows	3
Lord of the flies on poop #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
A Brief Shitstory of Everything #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
House of Seven Toilets #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Origin of Feces	3
Steppenwulfbait #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight we're late to the party it seems, but dare we suggest ""Flush with Pride: The Story of Thomas Crapper?"" #CrapperBooks"	3
Crapping Through The Eye of the Needle #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
A Tale of Two Courtesy Flushes #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Fifty sharts of grey #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
#CrapperBooks @midnight Clifford the big red poop	3
@midnight One flew over the cuckoo's shit #CrapperBooks	3
The Craps of Wrath @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
Children of the Too Much Corn. @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
The Prince and The Pooper by Skidmark Twain #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Catching Fire: Midnight Taco Bell Run #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Lord of the Flies on Shit #CrapperBooks	3
Beowulfbait #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Go Outsiders by Ass Hintin' #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Fight Dump #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight  Call me sh!- mael #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight The Importance of Being eeehEarnest #CrapperBooks	3
Journey to the Center of the Bowl #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ass on Fire #2) #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Runs, Spot has the Runs #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Farenshite 451 #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Eat, Pray,...Nothing.. #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Clifford, the Big Red Poop #CrapperBooks	3
Deucedays with Morrie @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
The Fountainhead #crapperbooks @midnight	3
Forrest Shittaker: Porcelain Justice  #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Toilet Paper Towns #CrapperBooks @midnight  @johngreen	3
Crap Kingdom #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Do Androids Dream of Electric Shit? #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Fifty Shades of Poop #CrapperBooks	3
Charles Darwin: On the Origin of Feces #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Craptastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.  @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
Catch #2 @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight Green Eggs and Ham Gave Me The Runs #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Shits My Dad Takes	3
"@midnight Willy Wonka and the ""chocolate"" factory. #CrapperBooks"	3
Atlas Dumped #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Satanic Dueces #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Scarlet Shitter #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Da Vinci Load #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the half blood shit #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Great Excrementations #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Charmin Chronicles #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight the art of defecation #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight #crapperbooks game of porcelain thrones	3
The Adventures of Dingleberry Finn #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Loraxative #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Bidet #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Man in the Iron Stall #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
A Connecticut Stankee in King Arthur's Shorts.  @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
Sharterhouse Five #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight How to Win Friends and Influence Diarrhea #CrapperBooks	3
Picture of Dorian Brown #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Maltese Toilet Seat #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight #hashtagwars #crapperbooks The Shawshank Re-dump- tion. ""You remember the Name, don't you"""	3
@midnight #CrapperBooks Harry Plopper and the gobbler of turds	3
Girl In A Blue Dress In A Port-O-Potty #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Lord of the sting ring #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Stephen King's SH-IT @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
Mein Crap @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight #crapperbooks The Postman Always Flushes Twice	3
Chicken Soup for the Shit Soul @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
The tell tale fart #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Gross #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Poop Dreams	3
Phantom of the Outhouse #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Under the Volcano #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Harry Potter and the Kidney Stones	3
@midnight #CrapperBooks Harry Potter and the Chamber of Feces	3
The Island of Dr. Butt-hole.  @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight #crapperbooks War and Pee	3
P is for pee. #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Diarrhea of Anne Frank #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Catcher In The Brown Eye! #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Atlas Sharted #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks The Basketball Diarrheas	3
Harold and the Purple Beer Shits #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Old Man and the Seat #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Bright Lights, Big Shitty	3
Shit Cold Blood #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight  Jurassic Shart  #CrapperBooks	3
50 shades of a stool sample @midnight #CrapperBooks #pointsme	3
The Willnots of Wrath #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Ass-caban #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Life of Pee	3
"Harry Pooper &amp; the Order of the Feces #CrapperBooks @midnight"	3
Crap with the wind.  #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Lovin' my time with cholera. #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Of Mice & Metamucil    #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #CrapperBooks Shitterhouse Five	3
Craps of Wrath #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Lord! The Flies!  #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Do Janitors Dream of Electric Toilets #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight  #CrapperBooks  The Joy Luck Happy Ending Club	3
War and Feces #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Horton Hears a Brown Noise #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
For Whom The Taco Bell Tolls @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
"@midnight #CrapperBooks The Lion, The Witch &amp; The Fat Load"	3
@midnight wonderful mr.fox red poop #CrapperBooks	3
Starship Poopers #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Seven Shits of Highly Effective People	3
Tinkle Tailor Soldier Spy #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Great Expooptations #CrapperBooks  @midnight	3
@midnight The Goosepoops Series #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight A Game of Porcelain Thrones #CrapperBooks	3
#crapperbooks Great Expectations.....But Still Nothing @midnight http://t.co/ui3CZrgXiB	3
@midnight The Motorcycle poopers #CrapperBooks	3
Children of the When Did I Eat Corn? #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight One Fish, Poo Fish, Red Fish, Blue Flush #CrapperBooks	3
Fart of Darkness #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Oh, the Places You'll Poop #CrapperBooks	3
(Sh)It. #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Audubon's Turds of North America	3
Great Expectations - but apparently not enough fiber.  #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight SOYLENT GREEN POOP #CrapperBooks	3
A Room with Pyew! #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #CrapperBooks  Hard Sophie's choices or Hardwick choices?	3
@midnight Oliver Twisty Poop #CrapperBooks	3
A Tree Grows in Borklyn Manure #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
#CrapperBooks The Plunger Games @midnight	3
@midnight The Feces in Our Stars #CrapperBooks	3
The Tell-Tale Fart @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
"@midnight #CrapperBooks ""The Crapper in the Rye"""	3
@midnight One fish, two fish, red fish, poo fish #CrapperBooks	3
Fifty Shades of Brown #CrapperBooks  @midnight	3
@midnight Pee-ter Pan #CrapperBooks	3
Ready Player Number 1 #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks E(ne)mma	3
Enema of the State #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Jungle Dook @midnight  #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Gone Swirl	3
Scents and Scents Ability to Ruin a Party #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
50 Shades Of Brown #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #crapperbooks A Tale of Two Shitties	3
@midnight #crapperbooks Diarrhea of a Mad Housewife	3
Poop and Prejudice #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Toi-lita #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Everybody poops. Duh! #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #CrapperBooks Oh the places you'll poo	3
@midnight To Kill A Mockingturd #CrapperBooks	3
Jurassic Fart #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Shart of Darkness #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight A Hitchhiker Guide to the Galaxy's Truck Stop Toilets! #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight The splinted cheeks #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight Scat on a Hot Tin Roof #crapperbooks	3
Howards End #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Origin of Feces #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Mary Poopins #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight Ready Number One  #CrapperBooks	3
Animal Fart @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
"Stephen King's ""Shit.""   And instead of Pennywise the Clown, it's got Phillip the sad alcoholic from church in it.   #crapperbooks @midnight"	3
Shartlock Holmes #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Because of Taco Bell: I'm having diarrhea at 3 am. #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight Sun Tzu Fart of war. #CrapperBooks	3
Undercooked Chicken Soup for the soul #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Fault in Our Sharts #CrapperBooks @midnight @johngreen	3
"@midnight Charlie &amp; the Ass Chocolate Factory #CrapperBooks"	3
@midnight One Poo Over the Cuckoo's Nest #CrapperBooks	3
The Shartstank Redemption #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The Great Shatsby #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Stool @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
Gone With the Wind #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
William Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
The shat in the hat. #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Watershit Down #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight Decision Points by George W. Bush (A Real Piece of Shit) #CrapperBooks	7
@midnight Diarrhea of a Wimpy Kid #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight A Tail of Two Shitties #CrapperBooks	3
@midnight The Lost Hershey Highway #CrapperBooks http://t.co/DH1NnmOJjF	3
Don Chipotle #CrapperBooks @midnight	3
My Wind in the Willows @midnight #CrapperBooks	3
My Heart Will Go On because I eat Cheerios. @midnight #DadSongs	2
You Be Grillin' #DadSongs @midnight	0
He's Crafty #DadSongs @midnight	0
Neck Ties That Bind @midnight #dadsongs #TheBoss	3
"@midnight #DadSongs (#late) ""Who Is Responsible For The Release Of These Dogs?!"""	2
Welcome to my house..... every other weekend and summers. #DadSongs @midnight	2
#DadSongs You're legs are so veiny @midnight	3
Takin' Care of Business on the pot #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs Hey Jude, pass me another beer @midnight	2
#dadsongs @midnight i'm hot blooded, check it and see, don't put that thermostat above 63.	3
My Hair now has a Touch of Grey #DadSongs @midnight	2
Deadbeat It #DadSongs @midnight #SorryImLate #IWasOnVacation	3
@midnight #dadsongs I Get by with a little help from Depends	3
All about that Largemouth Bass @midnight #DadSongs	3
#DadSongs  Papa, Don't Practice What You Preach  @midnight	3
#DadSongs I'll make love to you.. 15 minutes after I take this blue pill  @midnight	2
My Bladder's Under Pressure #DadSongs @midnight #prostateproblems	2
#DadSongs All night longzzzzzzzzzzzz..... @midnight	2
Hey! you! Get off of my lawn  #DadSongs @midnight	2
#DadSongs @midnight Juat Beat It when your mom is on her monthly cycle	3
Achy Breaky Back @midnight   #DadSongs	3
@midnight #DadSongs All You Need Is Duct Tape	3
Straight out of patience. #DadSongs @midnight	3
Holding Out For A Hero (or hoagie or sub)  #DadSongs   @midnight	3
Stairway to Bengay @midnight #DadSongs	3
#DadSongs Just the way you were @midnight	3
#DadSongs  My Part Belongs to Daddy  @midnight	3
@midnight Stop! It is Game of Thrones. #DadSongs	3
We Built This City (walking uphill in a snow storm both ways) #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs Younger Girl @midnight	3
@midnight Hit me Daddy one more time! #DadSongs	3
You Raised Me Up #DadSongs @midnight	3
Mama don't let our babies grow up to be Cub fans #DadSongs @midnight	3
Everything I do, I do it for you AND YOU ARE SO UNGRATEFUL #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Daddy Lesions  @midnight	3
#DadSongs Every breath you take in my Dutch Oven @midnight	3
#DadSongs Say you, say what? @midnight	3
#DadSongs @midnight karma karma karma chameleon bass fishing boat paint job	3
#DadSongs  I'm a Long Bone Daddy  @midnight	3
Dad Songs (Say So Much) #DadSongs @Midnight #HashtagWars @EltonOfficial	3
@midnight Accidental Fart #DadSongs	3
#DadSongs Whomp! There it is.... pick it up before it gets away @midnight	3
He works hard for the money @midnight  #DadSongs	3
Your futures so shite you better wear shades #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs Stairway to Boredom @midnight	3
"@midnight my kid's favorite lullaby is ""creep"" by radiohead. #dadsongs"	0
I Hate Everything About You #DadSongs @midnight #SorryImLate #IWasOnVacation	3
@midnight #DadSongs  Man, I feel like reclinin'	3
@midnight #DadSongs You WERE the sunshine of my life and then you grew up and had a mind of your own.	3
@midnight #hashtagwars #dadsongs Fake Plastic Knee replacements	3
#DadSongs You've been hitting it wrong... for a long time @pagetpaget  @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Papa's Got a Brand New Ostomy Bag  @midnight	3
#DadSongs Call Me, just not after 8pm @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Papa Had a Rolling Stone  @midnight	3
I Am The Preacher Man #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Daddy, Don't You Walk and Scratch  @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Papa Told Me He Had Come  @midnight	3
#DadSongs  Don't Pry Daddy  @midnight	3
@midnight  #DadSongs Another Beer Bites the Dust	3
In fun to stay at the YWCA! #DadSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #DadSongs  I've got my mind on your mommy and your mommy on my mind.	3
The funniest thing about #DadSongs from @midnight last night is that I can't help but read them to the sound of the original tune.	0
#DadSongs Stayin' alive one more night @midnight	3
I Like Beer Guts and I cannot lie....  #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs  My Father's Brown-Eye  @midnight	3
I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For in the Fridge #DadSongs @midnight	3
#DadSongs You can't  always get what you want @midnight	3
Time to Get Grill #DadSongs @midnight @beastieboys	3
Were You Born This Way In a Barn? #DadSongs @midnight	3
Can't Touch This Thermostat #DadSongs @midnight	3
Baby You Can Drive My Car if you fill it up #DadSongs @midnight	3
Working For The Custody Weekend  #DadSongs @midnight	3
I Would Walk 500 Miles to School in 10 Feet of Snow   #DadSongs @midnight	3
Comb Over Beethoven @midnight #DadSongs	3
I Want to Fix My Bicycle #DadSongs @midnight	3
Anarchy In The Utility Room #DadSongs @midnight	3
Sweet Child Support O' Mine #DadSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Everybody Have Puns Tonight #DadSongs	3
A tail of two puppies.  @midnight #dogbooks https://t.co/oyjnNRWwow	3
#DogBooks Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants @midnight	0
The Bark of the Deal: One Dog's Rise to Fame atop a Presidential Candidate's Head #DogBooks @midnight	7
@midnight The Canine In The Rye #DogBooks	3
@midnight #DogBooks A Retriever Runs Through It	3
Mein Scampf #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks 50 Shades Of Yellow	3
@midnight #DogBooks Winnie the Poodle 	3
Chocolat: One Dog's Cautionary Tale #DogBooks @midnight	3
The Fault in Our Arararararars #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Bone With the Wind #DogBooks	3
@midnight Mastiff Attack  #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Postman Always Rings Twice, so I bark at him #DogBooks	3
@midnight Hound the Grinch Stole Christmas #DogBooks	3
#dogbooks The Gnashin' of the Christ @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks Grrrrrrims Fairy Tails 	3
@midnight #DogBooks To the Doghouse By Virginia Woof	3
@midnight The art of the bone #DogBooks	3
As I Lay Drooling @midnight #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Girl With the Dachshund Tattoo #DogBooks	3
@midnight The dogincci code #DogBooks	3
The Strange Case of Dr Kibbles 'n Mr Bits #DogBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight #DogBooks To Kill &amp; Eat a Mockingbird"	3
A Tail of Two Cities #DogBooks @midnight	3
To Kill a Mockingbird and Take it Back to a Human #DogBooks @midnight	3
Game of Throws #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Complete Works of Saint Bernard Shaw #DogBooks	3
The Good-boy Gatsby #DogBooks @midnight	3
Growlita  @midnight  #DogBooks	3
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, and I'm Gonna Pee On It! #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Grrrrrrrimm Fairytales #DogBooks	3
Pale Blue Spot #DogBooks @midnight	3
A Sheepdog Named Desire #DogBooks @midnight	3
"Willy Wonka &amp; The Chocolate Poison Factory #DogBooks @midnight"	3
@midnight Slaughterhouse Fido #DogBooks	3
Ball (aka Sphere) @midnight #DogBooks	3
Gone Greyhound #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight please stop barking at me #DogBooks	3
The Adventures of Huckleberry Hound by Mark Twain #DogBooks @midnight	3
The Lovely Bones #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks The Study of Schrdinger's Cat: A guide to entertain your friends!	3
@midnight 50 shades of Dalmatians #DogBooks	3
For Whom the Bone Tolls #DogBooks @midnight	3
#DogBooks @midnight Grrrrrims Fairy Tails 	3
Twilight: Bark at the moon. #DogBooks @midnight	3
#DogBooks Pig-ear-malion @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight One Flew Over the Corgi's Nest #DogBooks	3
Fidor Dogstoyevsky's Bones from Underground #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Lundehund, The Witch, and The Wardrobe #DogBooks	3
Dog Gone With the Wind #DogBooks  @midnight	3
"#DogBooks ""Dog Catcher in the Rye"" @midnight"	3
Gorky Bark #DogBooks @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight Like ToiletWater for Chocolate #DogBooks	3
@midnight Of Dogs and Men #DogBooks	3
MacBark #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight I Fear the Vaccuum Electric, by Ray Bradfurry #DogBooks	3
The Great Dane Gatsby #DogBooks @midnight	3
To Chase A Mockingbird #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Lovely Milk Bones #DogBooks	3
@midnight For Whom the Smell Tolls #DogBooks	3
Speak #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Lassy  Temptation #DogBooks	3
Fear Of Flying In Cargo #DogBooks @midnight	3
Watership Down Boy #DogBooks @midnight	3
Animal Farm #DogBooks @midnight	0
Everybody Poops Everywhere #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight To Fetch A Mockingbird #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Yellow Snowy Day #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Greyhounds Of Wrath #DogBooks	3
@midnight Preparing for a Terrier Attack #DogBooks	3
Doghouse 5 #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks Eat Poop Love	3
Where The Wild Things Arf #DogBooks @midnight	3
"#DogBooks ""Are you there God? It's Me Lassie"" @midnight"	3
Odie's Last Stand #DogBooks @midnight	3
Canterbury Tails #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight On the Road (With My Head Out the Window) #DogBooks	3
Little Bitches  @midnight  #DogBooks	3
@midnight Great Hunchback of NeuteredDane #DogBooks	3
@midnight No Mutts, No Glory #DogBooks	3
@midnight JackRussel in the Boxer #DogBooks	3
@midnight Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very... Bad Dog! #DogBooks	3
@midnight #DogBooks Jurassic bark	3
@midnight #DogBooks of chihuahuas and wolves	3
@midnight #DogBooks 50 Shades of Greyhound	3
The Silence of the Labradors #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks The Dogs of War by Shih Tzu 	3
Catching Firetruck #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Red Rocket of Courage #DogBooks	3
@midnight #DogBooks Sophie's choice to feed me chocolate	3
Dogte's Inferno #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The French Bulldog's Woman #DogBooks	3
@midnight Harry Potter and the... Squirrel! #DogBooks	3
@midnight No Longer with Fleas #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Pound and the Fury #DogBooks	3
Are You There, Argos? It's Me, Odysseus #DogBooks @midnight	3
For Whom the Ball Rolls  @midnight  #DogBooks	3
The FURever War! #DogBooks @midnight	3
Love In The Age of Parvo #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight A Monstrous Regiment of Bitches #DogBooks	3
The Scarlett Setter #DogBooks @midnight https://t.co/waRAAKkgz1	3
Charlie and the Chocolate Lab Factory #DogBooks @midnight	3
The Holy Beagle #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Hartz of Darkness #DogBooks	3
@midnight Three Men in a Boat, with a Lab and shotguns #DogBooks	3
@midnight Whimpering Heights #DogBooks	3
@midnight Blamed for the Wind #DogBooks	3
@midnight Bloodhound Meridian #DogBooks	3
@midnight The Invisible Mange #DogBooks	3
Crime and Paw-nishment #DogBooks @midnight	3
Everything is Shades of Grey #DogBooks @midnight	3
Dr. No ... no no NO. NO! put that down. #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight The Hunchback of NeuteredDame #DogBooks	3
Furenheit 451 #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks One Fish Two Fish Gray Fish Gray Fish	3
@midnight Looking For Alaskan Malamutes #DogBooks	3
For Whom Pavlovs Bell Tolls #DogBooks @midnight	3
Pride and PuppyDish  @midnight  #DogBooks	3
@midnight Game of Bones by George Arf Arf Martin #DogBooks	3
Cat in the Dog #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Fetch-22 #DogBooks	3
Through The Patio Glass #DogBooks @midnight	3
Ready Fetcher One  #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight (Barking at) the Stranger #dogbooks #camus	3
@midnight #DogBooks The Wiz on the Yard	3
Bark new world #dogbooks @midnight	3
@midnight the Frisbee catcher in the rye #DogBooks	3
@midnight Fire Hydrant 451 #dogbooks	3
Silence of the Labs #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks Around the Yard in 80 Seconds	3
The Dog Catcher got Rye #DogBooks @midnight	3
Hairy Pointer and the Chamber of Garbage #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks The Sound and the Furry	3
@midnight Fifty Shades of Greyhound #DogBooks	3
All's Quiet on the We--SQUIRREL! #DogBooks @midnight	3
Watchdog #WhoWatchesTheWatchdog #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DogBooks: Moby, that squirrel's a Dick	3
@midnight DogWild #DogBooks	3
The Hound of Monte Cristo #DogBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Are You There Dog? It's Me Margaret #DogBooks	3
@midnight #DogBooks Lord of the Fly that is stuck between the window and the screen--I WILL EAT YOU!	3
Holes #DogBooks @midnight	3
Love in the Time of Collar-a #DogBooks .@midnight	3
The World According to Bark  @midnight  #DogBooks	3
Bitch Dad, Poor Dad #DogBooks @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight The Princess and the Pea...nut butter  #DogBooks	3
@midnight Sniff Your Crack, You're Happy #DogBooks	3
Dog Quixote #DogBooks @midnight	3
Everybody Poops (Outside) @midnight #DogBooks	3
@midnight Sisterhood of the Traveling -Pants- #DogBooks	3
Goldendoodle #DogBooks #BondPets @midnight	3
#DogBooks  The Joy Lick Club @midnight	3
The Mastiff and Margarita #DogBooks @midnight	3
Cloudy With A Chance of Tennis Balls @midnight #DogBooks	3
Tug-of-War and Peace #DogBooks @midnight	3
The Doberman and the Sea #DogBooks @midnight #PointsMe	3
Atlas Pugged #DogBooks @midnight	3
Lord Of The Fleas #DogBooks @midnight	3
#DogBooks @midnight For Whom The Pavlov's Bell Tolls	3
Squirrel, Interrupted #DogBooks @midnight	3
14007: a Space Odyssey #DogBooks @midnight	3
Pawdiatrist #DogJobs @midnight	3
Lab #DogJobs @midnight	3
@midnight Crap Artist #DogJobs	3
Labradoor man  #DogJobs @midnight	3
Nuclear Ticknician #dogjobs @midnight	3
Donald J.Hump, Republican Presidential Nominee @midnight #DogJobs	7
@midnight Airedale traffic controller #DogJobs	3
@midnight Dogtor Who #dogjobs https://t.co/GXAGNtLRgg	3
Slush PUPPIES Dealers  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
Bark-itecht  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
Taco Bell Mascot  #DogJobs  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
Bark-tender #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
Whos A Good Boy? Grip #DogJobs @midnight	3
@midnight Anti-terrierist squad #DogJobs	3
Barkeep @midnight #DogJobs	3
Silla is my keeper @midnight #DogJobs she falls asleep on the job a lot though  https://t.co/hj04pwpSgP	0
#DogJobs Boggie Woggie Beagle Boy @midnight	3
Golden Wide Receiver #DogJobs  @midnight  @UW https://t.co/PNhF8oXUFq	3
@midnight Placelicker #DogJobs	3
@midnight #DogJobs Fluffer	3
@midnight #DogJobs CPA for Bernie Mastiff	3
#DogJobs Entrenchment Specialist @midnight	2
Barkista @midnight #DogJobs	3
The Bone Collector #DogJobs @midnight	2
Rufferee  @midnight #dogjobs https://t.co/gZYVIkg09r	3
Wag-vertising  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
Loan Shar-Pei #DogJobs @midnight	3
Office Managrrrrrrr #dogjobs @midnight	3
Squirrel Spotter #DogJobs @midnight	3
HOUSE SITTERS  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
@midnight #DogJobs Shihtzukage	3
Bone specialist #DogJobs @midnight	3
@midnight #DogJobs The Dragon Border Collie https://t.co/5dbTJiMebT	1
@midnight Ass Sniffer #DogJobs	1
Labradory technician #DogJobs @midnight	3
Professional Butt Sniffer  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
Hair Traffic Controller #dogjobs @midnight	3
Getting off the couch #DogJobs @midnight	1
#DogJobs Donald Trump's Publicist @midnight	7
GRAVEDIGGER  #DogJobs  @midnight	1
Who's A good PAPERBOY?  #DogJobs  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@midnight #DogJobs hydrant attendant	1
Howl Monitor #DogJobs @midnight	1
@midnight #DogJobs Fluffy the Vampire Slayer	3
@midnight Host of Barking Dead #DogJobs	3
Mild-mannered new stand owner #DogJobs @midnight	1
State Bark Ranger #DogJobs @midnight	3
Professional PEOPLE Walkers  #DogJobs  @midnight	4
@midnight #dogjobs Chow Chow hall line worker	3
@midnight Fine Arf Dealer #DogJobs	1
Furmacist #dogjobs @midnight	3
Puppeteer @midnight #DogJobs	3
Squirrel and Cat Hunters  Extraodinaire  #DogJobs  @midnight	1
Expert BOWL Cleaner  #DogJobs  @midnight	1
@midnight Leg Humper #DogJobs	1
"#DogJobs Lost &amp; Hound Attendant @midnight"	3
@midnight Doberman binger #DogJobs	3
@midnight House sit! Sit! Good boy! #DogJobs	3
Prison Guard Dog @midnight  #DogJobs	0
POLICE NARC  #DogJobs   @midnight  #POINTSME	0
Huma Abedine aka Hillary's B*tch #DogJobs @midnight	7
#DogJobs Window Washer @midnight	3
#DogJobs Automated, Self-Refilling Mobile Wet-Wipes Dispenser @midnight	1
"Hey @hardwick &amp; @midnight!  Wasn't Indiana Bones in Raiders of the Lost Arf? #DogJobs"	3
CEO of PETSMART  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
"iGot a #Retriever &amp; da #Boney #Prescription is #MoreCowbell #Walken da #Dog &amp; #Chew #Oyster #Cult #DogJobs.@midnight https://t.co/Ar85WqooLs"	3
Mutt mutt golfer #DogJobs @midnight	1
Shih-Tzu-pervisor  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
A-hound-ant  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
"@midnight Campaign strategist to ""Make America Great Dane Again"" #DogJobs"	7
#DogJobs Shadow Boxer @midnight	3
Cooker Spaniel #DogJobs  @midnight	3
Ballistics specialist #DogJobs @midnight	3
Fire Hydrant Inspectors  #DogJobs  @midnight  #POINTSME4MYBDAY	1
Jack Of All a Trades Russell @midnight #dogjobs	3
@midnight #DogJobs Red Rocket Scientist!	1
Ball Cleaner #DogJobs @midnight	1
Food Taster @midnight #DogJobs	1
Pug-ilist #DogJobs @midnight https://t.co/fwNN6nliy3	3
#DogJobs Yardiac Specialist @midnight	3
Parabeagle #dogjobs @midnight	3
#dogjobs @midnight Pooper Scooper model...	1
Drool Sergeant #DogJobs @midnight	3
Motor Beagle Operator  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
Lab-rarian #dogjobs @midnight	3
"Shiat""zoo"" keeper #DogJobs @midnight"	3
@midnight #DogJobs Superhero https://t.co/HqNugJhllJ	1
@midnight Ball Licker Control Board #DogJobs	1
Secreterrier of Defense #dogjobs @midnight	3
@midnight Newfoundlandscaper #DogJobs	3
Paw-litician #dogjobs @midnight	3
@midnight #DogJobs Cone Troopers https://t.co/B9JZdT007d	3
Carnival Barker  #DogJobs  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@SadlyCatless @midnight strip club reviewer #DogJobs	1
Pawject Manager #DogJobs @midnight	3
@midnight Dog. That's your job, Dog. #DogJobs	7
Lunch in Yulin @midnight #DogJobs	3
Poodleatrician  #dogJobs  @midnight	3
@midnight Vice President #DogJobs	7
Barkitect #DogJobs @midnight	3
World's BEST In-home Security  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
Secreterrier of Stay #DogJobs @midnight	3
BONE Operators  #DogJobs  @midnight	3
@midnight Postal Terrier #DogJobs	3
@midnight proctologist  #DogJobs https://t.co/mrmbeJU588	1
#DogJobs Rock-n-Roll Over Star @midnight	3
@midnight model for American Beagle #DogJobs	3
Squirrel cataloguer #DogJobs @midnight	1
Dutch Bigalow K9 Jigalow #DogJobs @midnight https://t.co/xmjzyGrWXH	3
Proctologist #DogJobs @midnight	1
Motor Beagle Mechanic  #DogJobs #Hashtagwars @midnight	3
Fursician's assistant @midnight #dogjobs	3
ALPO Taste Tester  #DogJobs  @midnight  #POINTSME	1
Pug-Lick Realtions Manager @midnight #dogjobs	3
R-Odie-o Clown #DogJobs @midnight	3
Paw Leash Officer #dogjobs @midnight	3
Hashwagger @midnight #DogJobs	3
Black Lab Technician  #DogJobs @midnight	3
Furrest Ranger #DogJobs @midnight	3
Athlete @midnight #dogjobs	1
Secretary of Crate #DogJobs @midnight	3
Para-beagle #DogJobs @midnight	3
Barktender   #DogJobs @midnight	3
"#drunknew4u @midnight #drunkbooks #drunk ""The Inebriated Man"" https://t.co/jgqDSmaB38"	3
#DrunkBooks The Grapes of....what kind of wine is this? @midnight	3
Old Man and the Seagrams Gin #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Gulliver's Travels to the bar #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Longdrink Goodbye #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
On The Rocks #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Journey to the Bottom of the Glass #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
To Kill a Mockingbuuuurrrp. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
David cops a feel #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight dr. Jekyll and mr. (hiccup) #DrunkBooks	3
@midnight #drunkbooks Harry Potter and The Order of Alpha Sigma Phi	3
@midnight @RonFunches @marcellacomedy @Braunger #DrunkBooks Where the sidewalk... meets face	3
The Sum of All Beers #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Boozedays with Morrie #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #drunkbooks Peter Rabbit and The Boozy Patch of His Life	3
Great Expectations Ruined When You Wake Up Next To Him in the Morning  @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
#DrunkBooks Naked Lunch, yet again @midnight	3
To Kill a Jger Bomb #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Fuzzy Timeline #DrunkBooks #MichaelCrichton @midnight	3
Robinson's Booze Crusoe #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #drunkbooks War and IPA	3
The Wizard of Ouzo #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Booze and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
One Sot: A Jack Retcher Novel #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks  Make Way For Cold Duck	3
Adventures of Huckleberry Gin #drunkbooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks Tales Of A Third-Year College Dropout #PointsMe	3
The Burning Bed Spins #DrunkBooks @midnight @hardwick	3
Nineteen Eighty Floor  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Patrn @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
Crime and Punish-Mint Julips  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Lord of the Barflies #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Beer Garden #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Call of the Whiskey #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks Lighting Farts For Dummies	3
On the Road, Onto the Grass, Into the Tree #drunkbooks @midnight	3
#ICYMI:   The Satanic Vodkas  #DrunkBooks @midnight  cc @SalmanRushdie	3
The Call of the Wild Turkey #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks Harry Bonger (And the Buttchug is Secret) #PointsMe	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #DrunkBooks  Crapped In Underpants	3
The Adventures of Huckleberry's Gin. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight  #DrunkBooks Franken Beer Stein	3
48 Lagers of Power #drunkbooks @midnight	3
War and Pisco Sour #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks Pridge And Pridudence #PointsMe	3
Oliver with a Twist @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
The Wine in the Willows #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Eat. Pray. Hurl. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
#ICYMI:  The Liqueur Purple  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Old Fashioned Yeller #drunkbooks @midnight	3
@midnight  #DrunkBooks I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell (no change needed)	3
The Moonshining #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Slaughterhouse Rye  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Sherlock Holmes in The Cider of Four #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Harry Potter and Last Call. @midnight #drunkbooks	3
Of Ice and Gin #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
"#drunkbooks @midnight #drunknews4u ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, I Cannot Remember Her Name...She Was Fun!"""	3
@midnight For Whom Taco Bell Tolls. #DrunkBooks	3
Ender's Drinking Game (humanity needed a child's liver to beat the buggers) #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Big Sleep, and Bigger Hangover #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #drunkbooks - one beer, two beer, red beer, DUI	3
The Sambuca Survival Guide #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Wizard of Austrian Schnapps, by L. Frank Bombed #drunkbook #drunkbooks @midnight	3
@midnight I ammmms 'Merica! (And sssssso c'n you....ya pussies.) #DrunkBooks	3
Everyone Whiskey S***s. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
"@midnight #drunkbooks ""Roberts' Fools of Chaos"""	3
Everyone Drinks. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
A Song of Ice and Vodka #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
"Pie-Eyed &amp; Prejudiced (a/k/a Trump voters) #DrunkBooks @midnight"	7
@midnight The Number Circle #DrunkBooks #PointsMe	3
@midnight #drunkbooks Beer Pong For Dummies Bro!	3
The Rumslinger. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Last of the Mojitos #drunkbooks @midnight	3
Three Men in a Kegger #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #drunkbooks Moby-just the tip baby, come on.	3
#DrunkBooks Peter Pan or the Boy Who Would Not Throw Up (No Matter How Wasted He Was) @midnight	3
The Souse of Seven K-Holes #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks A Tale of Two Titty Bars	3
Strunk and White's Elements of Stolie @midnight  #drunkbooks	3
Heart of Dark Liquor #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks The King James Version of the Holy Im-Bible.	3
Stoli-ta #drunkbooks @midnight	3
Frankenbeerstein @midnight  #DrunkBooks	3
James and the Giant Peach Shnapps #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
How Did I Get This Dragon Tattoo? #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Boozehound of the Baskervilles #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #drunkbooks Drink, Puke, Make Degrading Love To A Random Stranger	3
The D Wine Comedy #drunkbooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks The Fault In Our Bars	3
The Pitcher of Dorian Grey Goose #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The War of the Pilsners: the Fall of King Bud and Rise of the Silver Bullet. #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
#DrunkBooks @midnight Jack Kerouac's In the Ditch	3
@tunaofthesky @midnight #DrunkBooks  Pride and Prejaundice	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks  Everyone Barfs	3
Seduction of the Innocent #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Five Weeks in a Saloon #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Wonderful Wizard of Buzz #drunkbooks @midnight	3
#DrunkBooks Catch Her in the Bottle of Rye @midnight	3
"#drunkbooks @midnight #drunknews4U ""Misery...the Morning After"" https://t.co/H9oeCC1DjT"	3
@midnight Oliver Twisted Tea #DrunkBooks	3
Harry Potter and the one night in bangkok he dosen't remember #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Portrait Of A Lady that enjoys her wine too much #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Uncle Tom's Cabernet @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
#DrunkBooks @midnight A Long Day's Journey Into Night Train	3
"For Whom the ""Last Call"" Bell Tolls #DrunkBooks @midnight"	3
No Sense or Sensibility: A Tequila Story #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
A Song of Ice and Fireball #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Gone with the Gin #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
#DrunkBooks The Man with the Iron Cask of Amontillado @midnight	3
#ICYMI:   One Hundred Beers on Sale, Dude!  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Drinker in the Rye #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Catching Fire Ball, The Drinking Game Series #drunkbooks	3
@midnight Push Your Alcohol Limit by Sapphire #DrunkBooks	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #DrunkBooks  I'm Ok, You're Ok. You Ok? Cuz I'm Ok. Yeah, I'm Really... I'm Ok.	3
"'merica's fucking awesome, every other country sucks! aka, Pride &amp; Prejudice. #DrunkBooks @midnight"	7
@midnight Goodnight Moonshine #DrunkBooks	3
In Search of Lost Keys #drunkbooks @midnight	3
World War Zima #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks The Red Solo Cup of Courage	3
Gone with 3 sheets to the wind #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
To Kill a Vindaloo #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Sound and Fury (of me puking after too much Jgermeister).  #DrunkBooks @midnight	2
Brewromancer #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
"Of Tequila, Salt &amp; Lime #DrunkBooks @midnight"	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks Where the Red Fern Throws Up	3
Steady Player One  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
A Drinking Game of Thrones #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Frankenstein's Monster Hangover #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Devil Wears Vodka #drunkbooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks The Ginger in the Rye	3
The Master and Margaritas #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Breathe of A Ale's Man #DrunkBooks	3
One Beer, Two Beer, Red Beer, Blue Beer.  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks The Keg Stand by Stephen, King of Beers	3
Gin Cold Blood #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Absinthe Insensibility #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight Pitcher of the Rye, MoBeer Dick, Lord of the Barflies, 50 Shots of Grey Goose #DrunkBooks	3
Please tell me someone said Tequila Mockingbird. #DrunkBooks @hardwick  @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fireball @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
The Brothers Karasmirnoff #drunkbooks @midnight	3
Scoop.....That puke on the ground #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The House of the Spirits: Happy Hour from 5pm #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks   Engaging With Porcelain: A Biblical Theology of Dry Heaves	3
#DrunkBooks Are you there God, its me Margaret. I need a ride, I'm fked up. @midnight	3
A Clockwork Vodka Orange #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Moby Drunk #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Lord of the Kegs #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Drinkers of the Mead #DrunkBooks #MichaelCrichton @midnight	3
#DrunkBooks Through the Shot Glass @midnight	3
The girl with the regrettable tattoo #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Song After Scotch and Ice  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
#DrunkBooks Remains of the Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Coconut Rum @midnight	3
Daiquiri of a Wimpy Kid #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Grey Goosebumps  #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks One Drink Two Drink Red Face Blue Face	3
Everything is Illuminated and Blurry #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Goosebumps and Stomach Pumps: A Memoir of tortured artistry, by R.L Stein #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Island of Dr. Merlot #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Barley and Me #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
For whom last call tolls @midnight #DrunkBooks	3
Shart of darkness #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
The Holy Imbible #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Flowers For Al Anon #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
Alice's Adventures Through the Shot Glass #DrunkBooks @midnight	3
@midnight #DrunkBooks  Designated Driving Miss Daisy	3
The Little Drunker Boy #drunkcarols @midnight	3
@midnight Have Yourself Another Round of Shots! #DrunkCarols	3
Wanna deck, burp, my halls baby? @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	1
@midnight Jger, Joy of Man's Desiring #DrunkCarols	1
No Well...No Well #DrunkCarols @midnight https://t.co/Tm5UWNvGep	2
@midnight DeckTheHallsWithGallonsOfVodka. #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Grandma Got Ran Over by an Uber #DrunkCarols @midnight	2
Deck the Halls with Projectile Vomit.  @Midnight #DrunkCarols	1
@midnight #drunkcarols Winter Your Body Is A Wonderland	2
Christmas in Hollis Drunk Tank.    @Midnight #DrunkCarols	2
#DrunkCarols @midnight #pointsme  Gin-gle Bells	3
@midnight Mary's Boy Child, Gavin, is sleeping one off again. #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Home for the alcoholidays #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Frosty the Crackman #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Gabriel's Drunk Text Message.       @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
"@midnight #DrunkCarols ""Angels From the Holes of Glory"""	3
#DrunkCarols        ...Any One sung by             Liza Minelli  #PointsMe @midnight	3
I'll Be Home For Christmas, If I Make Bail. @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Geez, Carol's a MEAN drunk! @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe https://t.co/iqC4okggwu	3
Deck the halls with scotch and whiskey. *vomit noise* Lala-La-La #Drunkcarols @midnight	3
Deck the halls with Budweiser falalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Hennessy What I See? #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
@midnight Drank My Money Away by The Little Hummer Boy #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
One of my #DrunkCarols for @midnight made Twitter moments. Thanks for pointing this out @charley_ck14! https://t.co/NpUHMHvOY5	3
God rest ye weary gentlemen with hangovers today. #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Good King Wencsheslshaseryoufucker @midnight @PattyMarvel #DrunkCarols	3
@midnight Oh Holy S***t, Our House is on Fire #DrunkCarols	3
Suck my jingle balls#DrunkCarols @midnight	3
The Little Drummer Boy Your Mom Took Home Last Night. #drunkCarols @midnight	3
We wish you a drunken Christmas  and a happy new beer  #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Good King WTF !!!! @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas CAUSE ITS ALL ABOUT YOU!!!!! #DrunkCarols #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Silent Night After Dad Storms Out. #DrunkCarols	3
Deck the Halls with streams of urine @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
@midnight Look at frosty go....where are his pants? #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Do They Know It's Christmas  (or Did They Black Out Again? )   @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
@midnight #DrunkCarols Frosty the Blowman	3
All I Want for Christmas is Rum #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
God Rest Ye, Merry Drunken Men.   @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
#DrunkCarols @midnight #pointsme  All I Want For Christmas Is My Self Respect	2
O Come, All Ye Shit-Faced.     @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Joy to the Whirl... Man I Wish the Room Would Stop Spinning. #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Need a little Kraken, right this very minute!  #drunkcarols @midnight #PointsMe	3
"Come here ""Little drummer boy!?! @midnight  #DrunkCarols"	3
@midnight #DrunkCarols Joy to the floor!	3
Santa Claus is Coming to Town  (for an Intervention ).   @Midnight #DrunkCarols	7
@midnight liquor in heres delightful, but the bouncer he is frightful, and he really wants us to go let's go let's go let's go #DrunkCarols	3
Hark the harold angels drink, glory to yee kne burn queen... Those are the words right? #DrunkCarols @midnight	7
"@midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe ""Violent Night"""	3
Hark the Hammered Angels Sing Karaoke #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
I saw three ships, burp, Morty! Three ships Morty! THREE SHIPS! @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Angels We Have Seen Get High.      @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
O Christmas Tree you sure are pretty @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Silver and Goldschlager @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
#DrunkCarols @midnight #pointsme  Here comes San-gria, here comes San-gria, right down San-gria Lane.	3
Baby, It's Old Style Time. #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus.. Oh shit he driving on the side walk @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Come all ye phallics #drunkcarols @midnight	3
Silent Night, because Cosby bought the drinks tonight. @midnight #drunkcarols	3
"@Midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe ""The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fireball)"""	3
O' Come On You're Not Faithful @midnight #DrunkCarols #PointsMe #ashleymadisonhackmademedoit	3
#DrunkCarols  Good King W'onceHesSloshed (or ...WhenceHesSloshed)  --just bring him His Mead  #PointsMe @midnight	3
Merry Christmas, Bailey's.     @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Ten Lords a-Puking.   @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
@midnight Walking from the bar home with my dad #DrunkCarols #PointsMe	3
Away in a Drunk Tank @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
@ComedyCentral @midnight Oh Holy Shit I'm Drunk #DrunkCarols	3
What child is this? No, seriously!? Who the fuck brought their kid to the office party!??? @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Have yourself a merry little blackout #DrunkCarols  @midnight	3
Do You Hear What I Hurl #DrunkCarols @midnight #PointsMe	3
That's the jingle bell ,that's the jingle bell ,that's bellll Happy Halloweennnnnn #DrunkCarols @midnight #PointsMe	3
 Five slabs of beer / Four Champagne magnums, three wine casks, two bottles of port / And a salted Tequila worm   #DrunkCarols @midnight	3
I Saw Three Sheets Come Sailing In.     @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
The Little Drunken Boy.  @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
Frosty the cold one @midnight #DrunkCarols	3
We Three Little Kings.  @Midnight #DrunkCarols	3
We's Wish You a Merry Missed Piss #DrunkCarols @midnight #PointsMe	3
The Twelve Steps of Christmas #DrunkCarols @midnight	7
The Dentures if Huck Finn #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Grumpy, The Sad, and the Oldie #ElderlyMovies @midnight	2
waterobics in the Deep End #ElderlyMovies @midnight	2
The SoonEnding Story #ElderlyMovies @midnight	2
@midnight The Grandfather #ElderlyMovies	3
"Geriatric Guns, with Geezer Sutherland &amp; Antiguo Estevez  #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
Debbie Does Dallas Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Dentures of Huck Finn  #ElderlyMovies @midnight #pointsme	3
"Matlock &amp; Two Smoking Barrels #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
On Golden Girls Pond @midnight #elderlymovies	3
The Way, Way Back Ache #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Depends-ables #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Malcolm's X-Lax @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Can't Seem To Remember The Titans  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Horrible Hospice #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
#elderlymovies  Death Takes Ms Holiday @midnight	3
Ben-Hernia @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Underwear Spotting #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
#ElderlyMovies @midnight   Geriatric Encounters of What's Left of Their Mind	3
Shingles All the Way #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
When Harry Euthanized Sally  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	8
All the Right Bowel Movements #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
.@midnight #ElderlyMovies Captain Bloodless	3
Dude, Where's My Car?  And My Keys?  And Where Am I?  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
"Pharmaceutically Up in the Air ""Inglourious Bran-Turds"" ""Frost/Vixen"" ""Fargo to Climax"" #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
"#ElderlyMovies .@midnight  Thelma &amp; Louise Take the Wrong Exit https://t.co/2motCjKm0T"	3
Turn down that Sound of Music #elderlymovies @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies Defending Your Life Alert	3
#elderlymovies @midnight Tinkle Toilet Somber Die	3
Guess Who's Coming To Dinner at 3PM  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Prunejuice, Prunejuice, Prunejuice @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
#ElderlyMovies @midnight   The Importance Of Being Regular	3
Not Without My Daughter Even Though She Never Calls #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Prunes of Madison County   #elderlymovies @midnight	3
The Lovely Boner Pills #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Senile Max: Return to the CVS Line #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Little Rascal Scooters #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Varicose Encounters  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
"The Thief, The Cook, His Wife &amp; Her Prosthetic Hip  #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
The Early Bird Breakfast at Tiffany's @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Legends of the Fallen and Can't Get Up @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Burying Miss Daisy @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Dentures (instead of JAWS) #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
'Milk' of Magnesia   #elderlymovies @midnight	3
The Bald and the Beautiful #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Good Will Drafting @MalHo @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
@midnight Dentures The Revenge #ElderlyMovies	3
Pale, Saggy, Depressed Rider #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Octogenarianpussy #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Pocahontas, I remember that slut  @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
#elderlymovies @midnight Ex-men: All Our Future Days Are Passed	3
The Old Man and the Sea... passed away from natural causes. @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
#ElderlyMovies  He's Just Not That Into Youth  @midnight	3
Indiana Jones and the Shirley Temple of Doom #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Deaf  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Geriatric Park #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
I don't remember The Best Years of Our Lives #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Mean Grannies #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Ron Elderly: The Legend Might Continue #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
#elderlymovies @midnight Soylent Green Tomatoes	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies Centrum Silver Linings Playbook	3
#elderlymovies @midnight Invasion of the Bingo Snatchers	3
@midnight 2 Slow 2 Infuriating: Tokyo Drifting off to sleep #ElderlyMovies	3
#ElderlyMovies @midnight   The (Gas) Producers	3
The Grand Budapest  Nursing Home #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Whine and Prejudice  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies Dude, Where's My Car? We're IN The Car Grandpa.	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies fibromyalgia and me	3
Once Upon in Mexico, When I Was Your Age...... #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies          How to Train your Dragon to Stay in Your Pants	3
Good Pill Hunting #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Full Metal where's my Jacket? #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Clueless #ElderlyMovies @midnight	7
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?  Her social security dried up to fund another war for the @GOP  @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Bowling League For Columbine #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Back Is Out Plan #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Ben Gay #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?...not my ungrateful kids! #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Full Metal Dentures or Alzheimer's Now #ElderlyMovies	3
@midnight  #elderlymovies The Fifth Element of Dementia	3
The Big Colonoscopy #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Dude, Where's my Rascal?!?!	3
Raiders of the Lost Memory @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Jem and the Stop Hollerin Grams @midnight #ElderlyMovies #hanh	3
You've Got Mail, But Not at 4:30AM @MalHo @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore. We had to put her in a senior home.  @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
No Country for Old Men and Women #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Cloudy With A Chance of Mothballs #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Do The Arthritis Thing #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Who Would Soon Also Be A Ghost  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Early Birdman Special #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies Larry King Kong	3
A Fridge Too Far  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Hunger for my youth Games #ElderlyMovies @midnight	7
Get off my lawnmower man! #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Dead Man Speed Walking #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
#elderlymovies @midnight Outbreak... of VD at the Nursing Home	3
time for my pills, it's High Noon #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Ferris Bueller's Day Off To Get His Hip Replaced #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Retiring To The Place Beyond The Pines #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Gang that Couldn't Pee Straight #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
"What?... You're Going To Have To Speak Extremely Loud &amp; Incredibly Close #ElderlyMovies @midnight https://t.co/JXfoPml5Zr"	3
I Still Have Letter From Iwo Jima @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
No Country for...oh no, Grandpa!  @MalHo @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies Paul Blart Mall Walker	3
House Party 4: Bingo til 8 @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
8 1/2 Inches That Just Hang There #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Mad Max Furry Ears #ElderlyMovies	3
"Extremely Loud and Incredibly Limp ""There Will Be Urine Blood"" ""Milk Duds"" ""The Green Two-Inches"" #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
#elderlymovies @midnight  North Dallas 80+	3
#ElderlyMovies @midnight   Cloudy With a Chance of Nose Hair	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies - Depends Blue Sea	3
Nursing Home Alone #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Theres a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. #ElderlyMovies @midnight @parkrandall https://t.co/v0lieexjI2 https://t.co/PaQt1OL6zA	3
"The Slow &amp; The Furious #ElderlyMovies @midnight"	3
I've fallen and I can't get UP #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Social Security Network @midnight #ElderlyMovies	3
The Dying Game #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Every Which Way is Blurry #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlyMovies - Let's Turn the Thermostat Up to 90 and Watch Matlock (just a line from Mystery Science Theater)	3
Born on the Fourth of July, 1930 @midnight #ElderlyMovies	0
Lethargic Weapon #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Four Funerals and Another Funeral  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Pride and Prune Juice #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
It's A Wonderful Life Alert #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
#ElderlyMovies Die Hard of Hearing @midnight	3
Denture The Dragon #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Brittle Women  #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Legends Of The Fall & Break A Hip #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Peter Bed Pan #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
Straight Outta Coupons #ElderlyMovies @midnight	3
The Malox #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Incredible Shrinking Retirement Account #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Get Off My Lawnmower Mam #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi Cocoon or was it Platoon	3
Time After Time: To Set the VCR @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Cat Lady People. @midnight #elderlyscifi	3
The Buffet That Time Forgot #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
E.T. (Extra Tired) Go home! #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Omega Vitamin Man @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi The Incredible Shrinking Time Between Going Pee	3
Metamucil Max: Shit Road @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
The Hunger Games - Early Bird Special #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi Supermassive Black Mole	3
Total Lack of Recall #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Grandchildren of Dune. @midnight  #elderlyscifi	3
Ender's Game of Canasta #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Run Bladder @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Star Wars IV: A New Hip #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Real Walking Dead #ElderlySciFi. @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi Star Trek: the Last Generation	3
The Malox: Unloaded  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Dr. Who keeps touching the thermostat? #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight  Assisted Suicide Squad #ElderlySciFi	3
Aliens? Not After Trump is President #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Green Slime Jello @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Senility  #ElderlySciFi @midnight I ate a Buffet. Jayne got beat up by a 90-yr-old man. I fart northerly, we go north. Truss,not albatross	3
The Mall-running Man #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight InDEPENDSence Day	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Soylent Green Stool	3
The Day Traffic Stood Still #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Wizard of Ozteoporosis @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Dr . . . WHO??  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Batteries Not Included 2: Muriel,where my boner pills at? #ElderlySciFi	3
Star Trek, the original series #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
I hope to get too tomorrow land #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Galaxy Rest #elderlyscifi @midnight	3
Star Wars: The Force Doesn't Wake Up #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Logan's Run to the Store and Get My Blood Pressure Medicine @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Iron Deficiency Man #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight A Blood-work Orange	3
Superman vs Batman vs Abbott and Costello @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Mad max: get off my lawn #ElderlyScifi @midnight	3
Elderly Mutant Retired Turtles #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Do Grandriods Dream of Electric Sheep? #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Get Off My Lawnmower Man #ElderlySciFi	3
Get off my Lawn Mower Man #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Deathrace 2000 Grandma Shouldn't Drive @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight #WeekendatBernieswhilestumping	3
@midnight invasion of the hard candy snatchers #ElderlySciFi	3
ET Phone the Operator... then home. #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Rocketship Ex-Lax.  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight gall stones of Shannara #ElderlySciFi	3
Second Childhood's End #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Star Trek III: the search for my reading glasses #ElderlySciFi	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight #donttellmomthebabysitterisTed Cruz	7
Guardians of the Lanoxin #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Pacific Retirement #ElderlySciFi	3
Avengers: Age of Getoffmylawn #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Logan's Run to the Toilet	3
Star Trek: The Wrath of Nan #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Enema Mine #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Spider Veins @midnight  #ElderlySciFi	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Star Trek: The Voyage Home to Die	3
The Village Inn at the End of the Universe #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi chew...or just gum it	3
Harry Potter and the Bottle of Viagra #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
C.H.U.D. (Cataract Having Underground Dwellers)  #ElderlySciFi @midnight @hardwick	3
Journey to the Senior Center of the Earth #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Star Wars Episode IV - A New Home #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
"Thelma &amp; Louise &amp; their Caregiver @midnight  #ElderlySciFi"	3
Babbling 5 minutes @midnight #ElderlySciFi	7
Blade walker #ElderlyScifi @midnight	3
@midnight @TVsJonDore @SklarBrothers back to the pooper #ElderlySciFi	3
#ElderlySciFi Ender's Bingo Game @midnight	3
I Roomba #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Under(all's)  Dog (is here to save the day!)  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	7
"@JoseMolinaTV @jenniferrcarey @midnight ""star wars: the force awakens slowly and with joint pain"" #ElderlySciFi"	3
Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Gall Stones @midnight  #ElderlySciFi	3
@midnight Exlax Files #ElderlySciFi	3
V for Viagra #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Blade Shuffler @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Brittlestar Exlactica @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
@midnight @TVsJonDore @SklarBrothers Howard the schmuck #ElderlySciFi	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi   Minority Deport	3
The Martian Chronic Back Pain #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Westworld Assisted Living Facility #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Omega-3 Man #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Terminator 3: Rise of the Bunions   #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
In Depends Day #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi Star Trek: the search for cancer spots	3
A Carbuncle for Leibowitz #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Man in the High Waisted Pants #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi The Black Mole	3
Game of Getting to the Throne in Time @midnight  #ElderlySciFi	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Doctor Who am I?	3
Starship Pensioners #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Deadpool..My High School Reunion Mailer Contacts @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Ex-wife Machina #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Hunger Games Early Bird Special #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Flaccid Gordon #ElderlySciFi  @midnight	3
Supplimental Insurance Plan 9 From Outer Space #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Divergentticulitis  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight command and conquer: life alert #elderlyscifi	3
The Last Mall Walker  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Malox: Constitutionals #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Get off My Lawn of the Dead #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
"Star Trek II: Wreath of Khandolences  #ElderlySciFi @midnight  ""We've been through Death and Diapers Together."""	3
Do Androids Dream of Not Getting Up Five Times a Night To Pee #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Final Resting Place Fantasy #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Avengers: Age of AARP #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Star Trek: The Search for Social Security	3
The hey, sonny, can you program this Time Machine? #ElderlySciFi @midnight	7
The hitchhikers guide to amnesia  #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Matrix: Resolutions #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Incredible Shrinking Bone Mass #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #ElderlySciFi Star Wars: The Force Awakens in the middle of the night to use the bathroom	3
#ElderlySciFi @midnight Iron-Pill Man	3
Aliens: Deportation #ElderlySciFi  @midnight	3
"#ElderlySciFi @midnight ""2001 That's how many times I Peed Today"""	3
Plan 911 From Outer Space #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Her....nia #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Tuck's Everlasting #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Battlestar Geriatrica #ElderlySciFi	3
Floridians #ElderlySciFi @midnight	7
The Iron-Deficient Giant #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
A Wrinkle in Skin #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Do Androids Start to Dream of Electric Sheep But Then Wake Up In the Middle of the Night to Pee? #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Day The Earth Stood Still As I Wrote A Check At The Grocery Store #ElderlySciFi @midnight	7
Star Wars: Episode IV- A New Hip #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
They Live... For Now #ElderlySciFi @midnight	8
Planet of the Aches #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
Face/Off My Lawn @midnight #ElderlySciFi	3
Star Trek: The Greatest Generation  #elderlyscifi @midnight	3
A Crochet Work in Orange #ElderlySciFi @midnight	3
The Sarlak's Bigmouth Strikes Again #FantasySongs  @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Halo Goodbye	3
Tolkien Care of Business #FantasySongs @midnight	4
Devil's in her heartlight. @midnight #FantasySongs	3
Narnia Business - Salt-N-Pepa #FantasySongs @midnight @TheSaltNPepa @hardwick	3
Goku Save the Queen @midnight #FantasySongs	3
The Beastmaster of Puppets #FantasySongs @midnight	4
Born In The Free Cities #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Unbreak My Curse #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Everybody Wants To Rule The World of WarCraft	3
Because I got Highlander #FantasySongs @midnight	3
I Still Haven't Found The Droids I'm Looking For #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Gollum to California with an achin' in my heart @midnight #FantasySongs	3
Crazy for you @midnight #FantasySongs https://t.co/vAwxPSBkxA	3
Another one bites the Brain #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs She Blinded Me With Scientology	3
Stop Dragon My Stark Around #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight The Most Beautiful Girl In Discworld  #FantasySongs #RIP	3
@midnight #FantasySongs All Green Lights and No One On My Bumper	3
@midnight Replicant Always Get What You Want #FantasySongs	3
It's My Party and I'll Split It If I Want To #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Two Tickets to Eternia #FantasySongs @midnight @ComedyCentral	3
Pinball Wizard of OZ @midnight #FantasySongs	3
@midnight #FantasySongs My Gallifrey Sal	3
@WendyLiebman @midnight #FantasySongs Smokin' in the LGBTIQ Room.	3
One Way Thor Another #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Spirit In The Sky	3
Smells Like Muggle Spirit #FantasySongs @midnight	3
I Would Die For Uhura @midnight #FantasySongs	3
@midnight #FantasySongs B.I.L.B.O. and Bilbo was his name-o	3
Purple Mist #FantasySongs @midnight	3
#FantasySongs @midnight Ooh, Bilbo, I Love Your Way	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Sarah Jane Smile	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Jinn and juice	3
Rohan State Of Mind #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Let Call the Whole Thing Gandolf  #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight Parsecs and Candy #FantasySongs	3
Working Fighter Class Hero #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Uh Oh it's Magic: The Gathering #FantasySongs @midnight @ComedyCentral	3
The Once and Future King of Pain #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Give a Little HobBit @midnight  #FantasySongs	3
@joshingstern: Borg in the USA #FantasySongs @midnight https://t.co/xFKEaFQN5J	3
@midnight welcome to the Black Brigade #FantasySongs	3
Sauron, Frank Lloyd Wright #FantasySongs @midnight	3
(J. R. R.) Tolkien Care of Business #FantasySongs @midnight	3
#FantasySongs @midnight  Little Red Boba Fett #FantasySongs @midnight  Purple Bane	3
@midnight Nothing Compares to a Grue #FantasySongs	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Bippity Bobbity Boo No Cars In Front of You	3
There can be only one week. @midnight #FantasySongs #pointsme	3
#FantasySongs @midnight   I hear you knocking, Gollum, where you been...	3
The (Dark) Crystal Ship, collaboration between Jim Henson and Jim Morrison #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Phantom Zone Rock	3
Protection (From Evil) #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Everything Zandalar #FantasySongs @midnight	3
A View to a Krull #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight Stop Dragon My Heart Around #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Return of the Jedi Mack #FantasySongs	3
#FantasySongs @midnight  I'll stop the world and meld with you	3
@midnight A Song of Fire and Ice, Ice Baby #FantasySongs	3
Beauty and the Number of the Beast. @midnight #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Ogre of a Lonely Heart  #FantasySongs	3
Little Red Kobold @midnight #FantasySongs	3
"It's not the pale moon that excites me, That thrills &amp; delights me, Oh no -- It's just DAENERYS OF YOU!  #FantasySongs @midnight"	3
#FantasySongs @midnight HARD HOBBIT TO BREAK	3
@midnight Dancing in the Stark #FantasySongs	3
C3P0 of Love #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Hippogriff to be Square #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Coraline Bling @midnight #FantasySongs	3
My Name is... Alice #FantasySongs @midnight	3
A Gargoyle Like You #FantasySongs @midnight	3
#fantasysongs @midnight Hard to Say I'm Sauron	3
Lady Sorceress #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Warcraft With God @midnight   #FantasySongs	3
Let it Beholder @midnight #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Leaving on an X-Wing #FantasySongs	3
Dune it Well #FantasySongs @midnight @hardwick	3
Puff the Magic Dragonlance #FantasySongs @midnight	3
I Say a Little Prayer (and healed you d8) #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight Damaged Soulstones #Diablo3 #FantasySongs	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Your Little Secret Life Of Walter Mitty	3
Wonderwall of Thorns #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Bone, Thugs and Armory	3
@midnight Knight and Day #FantasySongs	3
When Doves Magically Transform Into Dragons Because Of A Woodland Fairy's Enchantment And Cry #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Put A Lord of the Ring On It #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Red Wedding #FantasySongs @midnight	3
#FantasySongs @midnight   Parsley, Sage, Rosemary, Thyme and Zombies	3
#FantasySongs @midnight   Give Peace a Chance  *this tweet is intended solely for humorous purposes, not because it's what I really believe*	3
@midnight When Crows Fly #FantasySongs	3
The Neverending Story of My Life #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight Thieves in the Temple of Elemental Evil #fantasysongs	3
#FantasySongs @midnight   It's the final fantasy countdown	3
Back in Castle Black #FantasySongs @midnight	3
"#fantasysongs @midnight ""Man! I Feel Like A Druid"" by Shannara Twain"	3
Go Hobbit On The Mountain #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Lord of the Ring of Fire @midnight #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Little Red Wedding #FantasySongs	3
Blinded by the Light(saber) #FantasySongs @midnight	3
"#Bangles ""Just another pokemonday"" #FantasySongs @midnight"	3
#FantasySongs @midnight All About the Paladins	3
Conan, the Barbara Ann, by The Beach Boys #FantasySongs @midnight	3
#FantasySongs @midnight Hell Hound Dog	3
There is a Lightsaber That Never Goes Out #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight you aint nothing but a hound #FantasySongs	3
It's a kind of Magic the Gathering  #FantasySongs @midnight	3
"@midnight D&amp;D Rollin in the Deep #FantasySongs"	3
@midnight Chainmail of Fools #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Holding Out For a Level 10 Hero #FantasySongs	3
I got, Two Chicks at the Same Time.   Hey, you have your fantasy. I have mine. #FantasySongs @midnight https://t.co/rZNqd4r5r0	3
@midnight One Does Not Simply Enter Sandman #FantasySongs	3
Avalon the Watchtower @midnight #FantasySongs	3
Lucy and this guy named Neil Gaiman #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight The Bots of Summer #FantasySongs	3
#FantasySongs @midnight   Dragon Queens in Limousines	3
Hazy shade of winter is coming...@midnight #FantasySongs https://t.co/UCwPfxJkGp	3
#fantasySongs @midnight Winter is Comin' to Getcha	3
@midnight It's the End of the Hosnian System As We Know It #FantasySongs	3
@midnight #FantasySongs JumAngie	3
@midnight #FantasySongs  Every Rose Tyler Has Its Thorn	3
I Want To Hold Your Han Solo @midnight  #FantasySongs	3
Ring of Firefly #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Bounce #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Somebody to LARP #FantasySongs @midnight	3
When a He-Man Loves a Woman #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Space Hobbity #FantasySongs @midnight	3
River Deep, Mountain High, Tell Me Why We Didn't Teleport Again?  #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Hermioneed You Tonight #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Rudolph, The Redwall Reindeer #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs You Twilight Up My Life	3
@midnight Across the Steven Universe #FantasySongs	3
@nhighers today's hashtag for @midnight is #FantasySongs	3
Knockin' on Heaven's Trogdor #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Moody Oprah #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Jabberwock This Way #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Pixieland Delight #FantasySongs @midnight @hardwick	3
Last Dance with Mary Jane Foster #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight #FantasySongs We Didn't Start the Firefly	3
@midnight Pinball Wizard #FantasySongs	3
Pokemon face #FantasySongs  @midnight	3
Shoplifters of the Ice World of Hoth Unite and Take Over #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight House of the Rising Suns #FantasySongs	3
"Rockin and Roland (Deschaine, the Last Gunslinger, from ""The Dark Tower"" series, by Stephen King) #FantasySongs @midnight"	3
@midnight #FantasySongs We wear the Unchained Melodies we forged in life.	3
@midnight #FantasySongs Puss in Boots Control	3
Aldo Nova Prime @midnight #FantasySongs #pointsme	3
The Wheel of Time in the Sky #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight I Will Wait for a Grue #FantasySongs	3
@midnight Stairway to Valhalla #FantasySongs	3
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Sleeps Tonight @midnight  #FantasySongs	3
As you wish upon a star @midnight #FantasySongs	3
The Chronic of Narnia #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Your Alice Is A Wonderland #FantasySongs @midnight	3
You Oughta Jon Snow #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Groot, There It Is!   #FantasySongs @midnight	3
I did it all for the Wookie #FantasySongs @midnight	3
We Are the World of Warcraft #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Fly Like a Sméagol #FantasySongs @midnight	3
@midnight I Want You to Wand Me #FantasySongs	3
Knockin On Griffindor #FantasySongs @midnight	3
I Jedi'd in Your Arms Tonight #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Let's Hear It For The Hellboy #FantasySongs @midnight	3
Gummo @midnight #filmpoops	3
Red Dawn  #FilmPoops @midnight (Contact your physician immediately)	3
A River Runs Through It #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight Jacobs Ladder Splatter #FilmPoops	3
One Flew Over A Poo-Poo's Nest #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Something Wicked This Way Comes #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Apocalypse Now #filmpoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops Black Hawk Down	3
Howard's End #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Shitizen Kane #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#FilmPoops @midnight Depend-ing Your Life https://t.co/w4cr8jGzyF	3
Black Mass #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Scent of a Woman #FilmPoops @midnight  ewwww...	3
@midnight #filmpoops On Golden Pond	3
Angels With Dirty Feces #FilmPoops @Schmovie @midnight	3
Cave of Forgotten Dreams #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight Silent But Deadly Hill #filmpoops	3
10 Things I Hate About Poo #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Meet the Flintstones @midnight #filmpoops	3
Gone with the Wind  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Eyes Wide Shut #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops The Neverending Story	3
The Thomas Crowning Affair @midnight  #FilmPoops	3
Throne of Blood #FilmPoops @midnight (again... get to the doctor)	3
Legends of the Fall  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Shat In The Hat #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Contact @midnight #filmpoops	3
@midnight To Kill a Shitting Bird #FilmPoops	3
@midnight  Like Water For Chocolate #filmpoops	3
Charlie's Chocolate Factory @midnight #filmpoops	3
Black Fish #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Porcelain Throne  @midnight #FilmPoops	3
@midnight  The Fart In The Stalls #FilmPoops	3
Wet Hot American Summer #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight  Brick #FilmPoops	3
Stanks on a Plane #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight The Toxic Avenger #FilmPoops	3
Morning Glory #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Crappy Feet #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight Charlie Wilson's War on Indoor Plumbing #filmpoops	3
Coffee and Cigarettes #filmpoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops The Unsinkable Molly Brown	3
Big Trouble In Little China #FilmPoops @midnight @hardwick	3
@midnight The Phantom Menace #filmpoops	3
It's Alive! #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Great Expectations  #FilmPoops @midnight (Try more fiber in your diet.)	3
"@pulmyears @midnight Dude, it's #FilmPoops, not #FilmPees! Don't worry, I'm sure we'll see that soon enough. Can u hold it till then? ;)"	3
Jury Doodie #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight Dump and Dumper #FilmPoops	3
The Babadook #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Eat Pray Poop  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Plop Fiction #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Starship Poopers #filmpoops @midnight	3
Gothipoo #filmpoops @midnight	3
Something's Gotta Give #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Dirty Harry #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops - The Force Awakens	3
The Sound of Music #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight  Inside Out #FilmPoops	3
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen #filmpoops @midnight	3
The Blob #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Insidious #FilmPoops @midnight	3
O' Plumber Where Art Thou? #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops eight below	3
@midnight  ....All The Marbles #FilmPoops	3
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest #FilmPoops @midnight	3
It Came from Outer Space #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Run All Night #FilmPoops    @midnight	3
The Godfather Number 2's #FilmPoops @midnight	3
50 Shades of Gray #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Soaked in Bleach #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops Shitler's List	3
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops Fire Down Below	3
@midnight #filmpoops The Good The Bad and The Ugly.	3
The Devil's Rejects #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops Five Easy Pieces	3
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Porcelain #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Remains of the Day  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops Black Snake Moan	3
Everything Must Go #filmpoops @midnight	3
#FilmPoops Goosedumps @midnight	3
#FilmPoops Shitman @midnight Hitman	3
The Big Short #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Legally Brown @midnight #FilmPoops	3
@midnight Running Man #filmpoops	3
@midnight Blood and Chocolate. #filmpoops	3
#FilmPoops Dead Drop the Kids Off at the Pool @midnight	3
Forrest Dump #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Revenge of the Shits #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Enemy Mine #FilmPoops @midnight @hardwick	3
Giant #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Zardoz #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Doodoo, Where's My Car? #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Babadookie #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Life Stinks #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Force Awakens #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#FilmPoops Whiskey Toilet Food-drop @midnight	3
The Grudge #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Deadpool #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Firm #filmpoops @midnight @hardwick	3
Looking for Mr. Goodbar #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Beastmaster #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops Montezuma's Revenge of The Sith https://t.co/hO42IEaAGf	3
The Night of the Iguana #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#FilmPoops Event Horizon @midnight	3
Left Behind #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Thing  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Dante's Inferno #filmpoops @midnight	3
#filmpoops .@midnight The Girl With The Dragon Poopoo	3
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Dropping a Deuce in the Hood #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Doomanji #FilmPoops @midnight	3
127 Hours #filmpoops @midnight	3
@midnight Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory #filmpoops	3
Austin Powers Through It ( Who does # 2 work for?) #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#filmpoops Shatman v Pooperman @midnight	3
Oh Brother, Where Art Thou Febreze? @midnight #FilmPoops	3
Plenty #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Eternal sunshine of the spotless colon #filmpoops @midnight	3
Inglorious Basturds #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#filmpoops @midnight The Good, The Bad, The Ugly	3
Pete's Dragon #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #filmpoops Charlie And The Chocolate Factory	3
Tropic Thunder #FilmPoops @midnight	3
#filmpoops the shawstank redumption @midnight	3
No poop for old men #filmpoops @midnight	3
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days #filmpoops @midnight	3
Bowels of Fury  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Nutty Professor #filmpoops @midnight	3
The Neverending Dookie #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Mud #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Black Hole #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Human Stain  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Nutty Professor 2: The Dumps #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight  The Men Who Stare As Shit Floats #FilmPoops	3
The Longest Yard #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Alvin and the S**tmunks  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Beetlejuice #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Scent of a Woman #filmpoops  @midnight @hardwick	3
Windrider #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops Clear and Present Danger	3
Harold and Kumar go to White Castle @midnight #filmpoops	3
Groundhog Day #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Total Fecall @midnight #FilmPoops	3
@midnight Back Draft #FilmPoops	3
@midnight Bloodsport #FilmPoops	3
The Longest Day #filmpoops @midnight	3
@midnight #FilmPoops Night Moves	3
@midnight  Game of Porcelain Thrones #filmpoops	3
#filmpoops .@midnight The Empire Dumps Back	3
The Grapes of Wrath #FilmPoops @midnight	3
It Happened One Night  #FilmPoops @midnight	3
@midnight Deliverance #FilmPoops	3
This Is Where I Leave You #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Operation Dumbo Drop #FilmPoops @midnight	3
12 Angry Men #FilmPoops @midnight	3
Hope Floats #FilmPoops @midnight	3
There will be blood #FilmPoops @midnight	3
The Thin Red Line #FilmPoops @midnight	3
This is SpinalTap #filmpoops @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight Mighty Making Out Power Strangers #PointsMe	3
Space Ghost Meets His Southern Uncle Racist Ghost #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Heeb-Man and The Masters of Jewniverse  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Fart Simpson #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
"@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons Pinky &amp; the Spleen"	3
Deez Peanutz @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Dung Bob Stinky Pants #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Hunting and Cooking  with Chef Gargamel  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Hey Arnold Schwarzenegger #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Spider-Man created by losing virginity to radioactive hot band nerd clarinetist with crabs.  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	3
#FirstDraftCartoons phineas and fergie @midnight #pointsme	3
Seinfeld and Friends @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Seven Samurai of Jackanope	3
A Clockwork Annoying Orange #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons captain planet ft. Al gore @midnight #pointsme	7
Supper Friends #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight https://t.co/OOS4HPKgP0	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Joanna Bravo!	3
@midnight #firstdraftcartoons Pink Endangered Panther	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Fairly Odd Parents of the Manson Family	3
@midnight  Sherman (Shrek) #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Fart Albert @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Magilla Guerilla #FirstDraftCartoons @Midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Gravity Falls (Because of the Earth and Stuff)	3
Darkwing Fuck #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons Scooby-Doo and Snoop Dog 2 Shaggy's Dealer #PointsMe yeah, I DVR @midnight, I'm old! #PointsMe	3
#FirstDraftCartoons street sharts #pointsme @midnight	3
Pastarama #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	7
Knowing is 41% of the battle #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight mobile suit gangnam style #PointsMe #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight Strawberry Creampie	3
@midnight She-Woman No Cry #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Rick and the Mortician #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Aqua Pre-Teen Hormone Force #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons G.I. Jerome @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Thundarr the Librarian	3
Marmadukes of Hazzard #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Dance Battle of the Planets #FirstDraftCartoons  @midnight	3
The Real GhostHunters  It's just an animated version of Ghost Hunters... Soooo no ghosts.  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight samurai quinoa cats	3
Toxic Waste Janitor Avenger Man @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Nietzsche and Hobbes @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
The 13 Steps of Shaggy's Rehab #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight biker mice from venus #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Jon's sad pathetic life and his fat cat #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons   Marmadutchess	3
Teenage mutant ninja herpes #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
American Mom #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons G.I. Joe Biden	7
The Implausibles. #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Who Framed O.J. Simpson?""#FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe"	3
@midnight Teenage Mutant Ninjas in Turtlenecks #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons AAAHH!!! Real Monsters @midnight https://t.co/8cemTZqjhZ	3
Not-So-Speedy Travis #FirstDraftCartoons @Midnight https://t.co/h7VPgc8RGx	3
#FirstDraftCartoons the grinch who stole children: the amber alert origins #pointsme @midnight	3
It's How You Fill Out An Insurance Form, Charlie Brown! #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
@midnight American Step Dad #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Alfred E. Neuman, 18 months before George W. Bush (thanks, wikipedia)...  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	7
Aquatic Adult Starvation Unit #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons A MORE misogynistic Flintstones	8
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons Schoolhouse Jazz and Bebop	3
#FirstDraftCartoons. @midnight Pinky and the Stink	3
"@midnight FAT ALBERT &amp; THE QUAALUDE KIDS #FirstDraftCartoons"	3
hey tom arnold! #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Grape Rape	3
Birdperson: The Animated Series #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Cockhole's Bottom Life  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight Mighty Morphin Power generators #FirstDraftCartoons	3
@midnight  Toys Alive! (Toy Story) #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Regular Podcast #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight.  Super man vs Bat man,Dawn of a Twitter feud #FirstDraftCartoons	7
The Jettisons #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Robot Cockatoo #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons Gilbert Grape Ape	3
Ron and Stimpy #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Batman created because of racist hate crime, costume made of bedsheets.  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	7
Caspar the Vengeful Minion of Gozer @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Rightnoworama @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	7
#FirstDraftCartoons CSI: blues clues WHO THE FUCK IS JOE @midnight  #pointsme	3
Inspect Her Gadget #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight https://t.co/9GHkc9p8MI	3
Pants on a Sponge #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe MegasXLR Dildo	3
My Sweet Six-Teenage  Mutant Ninja Spoiled Rich Bitches  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
Starcrunchers (aka Space Cruiser Dorito) #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
TRANS-formers: Robots in transition #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
#firstdraftcartoons teenage mutant ninja trannys @midnight #PointsMe	7
#FirstDraftCartoons law and order: scoo-by-doo @midnight #pointsme	3
Superfriends with Benefits #firstdraftcartoons @midnight	3
Tom and Meal #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight Jimmy Newton #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Ed, Edd and Edward Scissorhands	3
Garfield and Acquaintances  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight @robhuebel @meellisday Polygamy guy #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Al Anon and the Chipmunks #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Dragon Ball A #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Rugrats (All Grown Up and sexually active)	3
@midnight Trump-by #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe	7
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Beware the Batman (He's a Creeper)	7
#FirstDraftCartoons Schoolhouse Polka @midnight	3
The Flintsteins #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #pointsme	3
Bob's Tainted Meat Burgers #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe #TWD @midnight	3
Spongebob Nopants #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
The Flintstoners. They only THOUGHT their appliances were alive. #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
@midnight #FirstDraftCartoons The Superfriends of Dorothy.	3
@midnight Scooby dont #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Dora The Sexuality Explorer	3
Mickey Moose #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Cicely Tyson Mysteries #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Batman genesis as reaction to being a Kardashian offspring.  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	3
Drunk-wing Duck #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
The Honeymooners with Cavemen  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Pound Puppies Scared Straight #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
The OJ Simpsons #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	7
Fleshbob Skinpants @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons Charlie Brown's Pathetic Tree @midnight	3
Incontinent Zim @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
OJ Simpsons #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
Gurney to the Center of the Birth @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
@midnight  Daniel the Phantom Menace to Society (Danny Phantom) #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe	7
Uber Friends #FirstDraftCartoons @Midnight https://t.co/jtDdyKGz4C	3
Rudolph the Drunk-ass Reindeer #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Heathcliff Huxtable (Cat Doctor)	3
School House Budget Rock #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
The Ambiguously Straight Jersey Shore Duo.  @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons #BroLife 	3
Gumbo Bears #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Teenage Mutant Wedgie Givers #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight https://t.co/INnKHhLedq	3
@midnight  Robert the Quadrilateral Sponge #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe	3
Heman Woman Haters Club  #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
The Venture Distant Cousins #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Captain Planet... Still waiting on that second draft.   #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	7
Bob's Cattle Ranch #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	7
The Trans-farmers #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Spider-Man and His Amazing Appliances #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
The Flea #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Denver, the Second to Last Dinosaur #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight The Magic Pope Mobile #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Snagglepussy @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Drugs Bunny and Daffy Dank #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #LikeABongOverTroubledWater	3
Scooby Doo and the Trippy Monster Hallucinations #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe  @midnight	3
Ferguson: The Animated Series #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Thomas The Trolley #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
#FirstDraftCartoons Poke-a-man @midnight	3
Donald Dick #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
Bachelor Guy #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Family Gal #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight  Public Service Announcement Man (Captain Planet) #FirstDraftCartoons #PointsMe	7
#FirstDraftCartoons StareBears @midnight	3
Presentrama #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
Super Friends with Benefits @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
@midnight Long Dong Fooey #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Finding Emo #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight Marmaking #FirstDraftCartoons	3
Alley O.P.P. @midnight #FirstDraftCartoons	3
#FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe Star Wars:The Boner Wars	7
@midnight : schoolhouse power ballad #FirstDraftCartoons	3
The Power Poof Boys. #FirstDraftCartoons @midnight #PointsMe	7
#GotFiredBecause I told people it was only tap water in those mineral water bottles @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight hr did not approve of me moonlighting as an anal bleacher in the company bathroom.	7
#GotFiredBecause it turns out the water cooler doesn't function as a toilet @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause it turns out the tips people leave are for the waitress, not the bus boy .@midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I refused to wear a hair net... and pants. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause my Mom called me at work to ask if I was fired because she saw that I posted #GotFiredBecause on Facebook. @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I put hot sauce on my boss's vibrator	7
Kept inviting all my coworkers to my bringer shows #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
I'm not a freak, it's just that it's the paper comes off the top of the Roll every...single...time...  #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I gave my Mom popcorn. @midnight	7
@midnight #gotfiredbecause I fell for the banana in the tailpipe, and that's why I was late ..	7
@midnight because working while horny, naked, and high on bath salts is frowned upon #GotFiredBecause	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause Apparently watching porn during a staff meeting is frown upon..	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause i didn't make a game of thrones joke in the GoTFired hashtag	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight used the company copier to make my own porngraphic magazine	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause Told them I identify as Mexican and demanded siesta time. They agreed but I left a hat and mannequin in the chair	7
@midnight because 2 + 2 does not equal 5.  #gotfiredbecause	7
#GotFiredBecause I wasn't wearing pants @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I'm not supposed to know where the beef is. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I Welcomed You To Costco And Loved You @midnight https://t.co/82bJgOfypT	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight  The customer is NOT always right!	0
Other priests found out I like girls...  #GotFiredBecause @midnight	0
#GotFiredBecause Ted from @LIFECOACHERS is my inspiration and tells me to do cool stuff. @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause this tweet didn't become tweet of the day	7
"@midnight #GotFiredBecause I wouldn't give @hardwick the ""extra-special"" Vulcan hand salute."	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight I was limp on set	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause i made a customer self aware	7
#GotFiredBecause you know, the slayings and whatnot. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause Pig Latin is not the official language of the San Francisco Police Dept. @midnight	7
"#GotFiredBecause when the boss says ""Don't talk about fight club,"" then you'd better not talk about fight club. @midnight"	4
Your employer got too lazy watching news about Donald Trump that they went bankrupt and went out of business. #GotFiredBecause @midnight	6
#GotFiredBecause writing Dick for everyone's name is somehow wrong at Starbucks #starbucks @midnight @nerdist @hardwick	2
I wouldn't allow anal .. #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
#gotfiredbecause @midnight I taught science at Sunday school.	8
"Apparently it's inappropriate to get that ""deep down"" itch on the sales floor. @midnight  #GotFiredBecause"	7
#GotFiredBecause I brought pot brownies to the office pot luck. @midnight	7
"#GotFiredBecause my assistant never gave me my messages. ""Blow-up Betty"" wasn't all purpose after all.@midnight"	7
"#GotFiredBecause sending a male stripper to a homophobic office manager is ""frowned upon"".  @midnight"	7
"Apparently stalking is ""bad""  #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
The worldwide secret government is downsizing  #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause #HollywoodSoWhite	8
".@midnight #GotFiredBecause iDump on #CompanyTime &amp; iLike 2Play w/Matches #OSnap call #AloeVera BCmyTweets #OverBurn https://t.co/3fgHgeILbA"	7
Don't mix family-business with family-pleasure. #GotFiredBecause @midnight @jmandyam https://t.co/eurAYvoNuH	7
Day drinking is not considered a team building exercise. #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I brought my milkshake to the yard.	7
#GotFiredBecause I'm not #MoreTrustedThanHilary @midnight	7
I said Friends is better than Seinfeld #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
Flexible work hours was apparently something only I agreed to. #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
"My definition of ""casual"" means not wearing pants.  Made for some awkward casual Fridays. #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
"According to my boss, apparently ""The kitchen supplies closet is not your own personal Target"". #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause Told the boss he missed his calling as a Crash Test Dummy.Also, apparently missed his humor calling. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause of my Kim Davis love letters. @midnight	7
"@midnight #GotFiredBecause apparently there is no actual ""bring your llama to work"" day"	7
"#GotFiredBecause of repeated ""unwanted,"" sexual advances @midnight"	8
I kept telling people I'm not religious, I'm 'spiritual' #GotFiredBecause @midnight	8
Apparently 'Pony Boys' aren't considered service animals. @midnight #GotFiredBecause	7
#GotFiredBecause my boss saw me dancing. At the stripclub. What...no one told me I can't have a second job. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I use Wikipedia for everything @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause She said fill her up!!	7
I started using an all natural deodorant #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause my white elephant gift was scabies @midnight	7
#Gotfiredbecause I made the boss a bad cup of coffee. No one told me the pink salt crystals were not prettified pink sugar.  @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause look, i just really fucking hate customers	7
"#GotFiredBecause Kept trying to warn people ""Winter is coming"". @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause i let the little girl play with matches @midnight https://t.co/45KYm5diDF	7
"Apparently Lederhosen is not the ""Appropriate Attire"" for a Docent at the Holocaust Museum  #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
"Pants are a ""requirement"".  #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause I tampered in God's domain #HashtagWars @midnight	7
Apparently toe jam is not an appropriate topping for kindergarten snacks #gotfiredbecause @midnight	7
@midnight Apparently time spent on Facebook is not billable hours. #GotFiredBecause	7
#GotFiredBecause I refused to stir the secret sauce with my dick. #FinalIngredient @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I didn't keep my pimp hand strong	7
#GotFiredBecause Management didn't buy my self diagnosis of narcolepsy. @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I'm a beloved Game of Thrones character	7
#GotFiredBecause @Midnight  I sexually harassed @GretchenCarlson. https://t.co/ZM0rbgFlga	0
#GotFiredBecause of the things I did after mis-reading a lottery ticket #HashtagWars @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause i forgot my twitter password @midnight	7
"#GotFiredBecause apparently, the ""remove the stick from your ass"" Barbie Doll is not an appropriate Christmas gift. @midnight"	7
"#GotFiredBecause I kept saying""That's what she said"" after every meeting comment. @midnight https://t.co/dAkuXMFcrT"	7
Trying to win @midnight's hash tag wars isn't a reason to call in sick.  #GotFiredBecause	7
#GotFiredBecause I brought Oreo cookies to the Klan rally. @midnight	7
Crotchless pants are apparently frowned upon in an office setting #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause @hardwick took all the available jobs	7
Grandma complained about my camerawork.  #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight I took it out.	7
"I said Kirk &gt; Picard .. #GotFiredBecause @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause my name is Gilbert Gotfired   @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I thought Protein Bar was a sex act. @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I ruined the buffet at the Harrow Club this morning ..	7
I kept talking about my non-vaccinated kids behaving so well at a measles party #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I stuck my wiener in the deep fryer #PointsMe	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause THIS tweet made tweet of the day. #SuckIt	7
"#GotFiredBecause I kept tweeting ""Moody Oprah"" @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause I told my manager that his nose looked like a penis which it did. @midnight	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause i spilled that vial of super virus in Rio (but don't tell anyone)	7
@midnight #GotFiredBecause I told a snobby customer that I'll make him take MY orders #PointsMe	7
#GotFiredBecause @midnight Its too hard to serve the kids hot lunch past the court ordered 100 yards	7
#GotFiredBecause I slept with my boss... but refused to have sex with him #HashtagWars @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I Eat Pussy @midnight https://t.co/4xMMWT3ErB	0
My penis is not a pen and toner is not company ink.  #GotFiredBecause @midnight	7
Who knew my boss follows @midnight  hashtag Wars...  #GotFiredBecause	7
#GotFiredBecause Of my belief in celebrating Festivus, esp. the Airing of Grievances @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I played #HashtagWars all day @midnight	7
"#GotFiredBecause My ""Staff Picks"" are what brought down the entire Blockbuster Video empire. @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause I used Wingdings as my preferred Word document font @midnight	7
"#GotFiredBecause my boss found out about that ""art film"" I did in college. @midnight"	7
#GotFiredBecause balls deep is not an acceptable answer when asked about my works progress. @midnight	7
Vodka doesn't go in your waterbottle @midnight #GotFiredBecause	7
#GotFiredBecause I Keep Promoting My Improv Shows To Customers @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I yelled out the wrong company's name while sleeping with the boss. @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I microwaved fish @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause I spayed the wrong dog @midnight	7
#GotFiredBecause My boss's expectations were too high and so was I. @midnight	7
Welcome to best planet ever #home #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight @Disney	7
You sure you wanted Earth? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
"@midnight  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words ""Trump's not one of us"""	7
No Border Patrol In Space #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	3
Independence Day was a documentary #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	3
NEVER read the comments section #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
We don't claim the Kardashians.  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Rent is due the 1st.	1
#GreetTheAliensIn5Words I thought you'd be greener. @midnight	7
License, registration, and insurance asshole #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Where did you take Elvis #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Make me immortal or die #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	2
Star Wars or Star Trek? @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	3
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Yes, I am the President	2
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Do you have all-beef patties?	1
@realDonaldTrump doesn't want you here. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	5
Well it's about damn time!  @midnight  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
You got the wrong planet #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight  Does any galaxy understand Lost? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Are you the third kind? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	3
Yes, we *have* ruined earth. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Trump will build a Dome...@midnight @hardwick #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	5
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words You don't want Trump either?	7
We come with a piece. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	4
Palin needs more space coke #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Please bring back Jon Snow #GreetTheAliensIn5Words  @midnight	1
Please take Donald Trump away #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Wow that's a big ship #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Please subscribe to my channel #GreetTheAliensIn5Words  @midnight https://t.co/ERUkmTjqlq	2
Where's Rick and Morty yo? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
You still have 8-track, seriously? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Illegal Alien?!? Are you serious?!? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	6
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Ya'll into butt stuff then?	1
Bitch better have my money @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	2
#GreetTheAliensIn5Words (iPhone text) welcome to the ducking planet @midnight	7
You're into butt stuff, right? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Talking Zetas with Chris Hardwick	1
What's Donald's hair made of? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
We know about space cash.  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/G9aDW1NOIz	7
#GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight #sorryabouthowardtheduck	2
@midnight 'You're Really Into Butt Stuff' #GreetTheAliensIn5Words #comeon The Truth is out there, not in there! https://t.co/cVv7E8prko	1
@midnight Do you come here often? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Can I leave with you? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	2
Did you kidnap Randy Quaid? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words #IndependenceDay @midnight	1
You're not from around here #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @Midnight #HashtagWars	7
Did you get the beer? @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Just blow it up already @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	8
Are your planes on time? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@JohnConnonActs @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Yes it does. Try again.	1
hey, is Jesus in there #GreetTheAliensIn5Words  @midnight	7
Space Jam rematch!!? Got tickets? #HashtagWars #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight @hardwick	7
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Blizblord, you're NOT the father.	1
#GreetTheAliensIn5Words Please take Kanye West back @midnight	1
You support white privilege, right?  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Could you have called first? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Anal Probe? Sign me up. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	2
You have chosen very unwisely @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	1
What happened to Amelia Earhart #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight Are you from around here? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Ever heard of hashtag wars? @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
No signs of intelligence here #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	8
@midnight  Please try our German showers #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	1
@midnight  you're here for Kanye, right?? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Is Trump one of yours? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Happy Hour at Chili's, guys!	1
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Did you see Star Wars?	7
Hola, como......just kidding...Merica #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Kanye's here for the probe. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
You got a pretty mouth #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
How'd you circumvent Trump's wall? @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	5
Your drunk, I'm driving now #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Run away! Run away...NOW! #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	8
You're paying for the wall #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	5
Invading? First take a selfie #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	5
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words The Republicans aren't yours either?	7
Have you met this guy? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/mdePE9rZ5T	1
.@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Hey, you gonna eat that?	1
@midnight #Greetthealiensin5words Who has Solo? Han Solo.	1
DTP: Down to probe #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
We're not into butt stuff. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words Thanks for picking me up.	8
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words I'm ready when you are.	8
Sorry. You'll know why later. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	8
The safe word is pineapples @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	1
Take ME to YOUR leader #GreetTheAliensIn5Words  @midnight	7
Bah-weep-Graaaaagnah wheep ni ni bong #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	4
Pluto, is it a planet?  @midnight  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	2
"#GreetTheAliensIn5Words:   Hi! Wanna play ""Elite: Dangerous""?  @midnight"	1
@midnight #greetthealiensin5words Speilburg lives in Los Angeles	1
Do you have a phone? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words  @midnight	2
It's a show about nothing. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	2
Hey, wanna Probe and Chill? @midnight  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	1
THIS IS A LAWN MOWER #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Can We Start The Probing? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight  Happy National Anal Probe Day! #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
Accept Jesus or burn SINNER! #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	8
Suck it atheists!  Rapture time! @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	8
Daisy, give me your answer... #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words You want me to what?	7
"@midnight ""This way to Tom Cruise."" #GreetTheAliensIn5Words"	1
Justin Bieber is dropping bangers #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @justinbieber    @midnight	1
These mashed potatoes are important  #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Be third kind, rewind please #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Come to my improv show? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Invade America first, for irony #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	5
Will you read my screenplay? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
Explain the Trinity to me #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Well,  what had happened was... #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/Dqi6YpgBzn	8
The Wi-Fi isn't very good @midnight #GreetTheAliensIn5Words	7
No, that's just Matthew McConaughey. #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
Coming Back for David Lynch? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
What was Spielberg's basement like? #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	1
That's NOT your hand?? Sorry!! #GreetTheAliensIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #GrittySeuss One Fish Two Fish Orange Fish Will Build A Wall and Make Brown Fish Pay For It	7
The Cat and the Gat #GrittySeuss @midnight	4
@midnight one bullet two bullet red bullet blue bullet, .223. Full metal jacket #GrittySeuss	4
Oh the places you'll poop.             @midnight #GrittySeuss	4
Oh, the people you will do! #GrittySeuss @midnight @Swingtime69 @ready2jam1 @TheBillyProcida	1
#GrittySeuss one fish two fish Coney Island whitefish @midnight	1
I'm Running This Zoo, Bitches #grittyseuss @midnight	1
.@midnight Green Eggs and E. coli #GrittySeuss	3
The Foot Book Fetish #GrittySeuss @midnight	3
@midnight to catch a predator in the hat #grittyseuss	3
#GrittySeuss horton hires a whore @midnight	3
#GrittySeuss How The Grinch Jacked up the price of AIDS medication. @midnight	3
@midnight #GrittySeuss The Lorax files.	3
@midnight #GrittySeuss I do like them Sam I am I do like eating people in a van. I would eat them in a car I would store them in a jar.	3
Or...I am the Lomax I speak for the trees..We can roll one up if you please @midnight #GrittySeuss  https://t.co/Day5nldeSv	3
#GrittySeuss Thing 1 cup, Thing 2 women @midnight	3
.@midnight Horton Hears a Homicide #GrittySeuss	3
Horton Hears Who Voted for Trump all over his feed @midnight #GrittySeuss	7
One thing, two thing, red thing, blue thing @midnight #GrittySeuss #itsgrittyenough	1
.@midnight One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Toxic Mercury Levels #GrittySeuss	7
Mr. Brown can POO! Can you? #grittyseuss @midnight	7
@midnight Oh the places you'll go....when in the Witness Protection Program for rolling over on your co-conspirators #GrittySeuss @midnight	7
#GrittySeuss  One fish  Two fish Red fish Dead hooker in the trunk @midnight	7
Green Eggs and Vietnam #GrittySeuss @midnight	3
.@midnight One Fist, Two Fist, Red Fist, Blue Fist #GrittySeuss	3
@midnight #GrittySeuss Horton hears a who and then he is committed	8
Horton has a Herpes sore. @midnight #GrittySeuss	2
Green Eggs at Chipotle @midnight #GrittySeuss	1
The Pussyfoot Book #grittyseuss @midnight	1
ONE PILL TWO PILL RED PILL BLUE PILL #GrittySeuss @midnight ##PointsMe https://t.co/vnguZQQfdK	2
"If you pet your pussy gently &amp; rub her soft fur, in a minute you might hear your pussy start to purr. #grittyseuss @midnight"	3
"#GrittySeuss ... ""And to Think That I Saw It on Mulholland Drive"" ... @midnight"	7
"Surprised that @midnight didn't go way back with #GrittySeuss and do ""one fish, two fish, red fish, you got a nice dick"""	1
It's a hard world, kids. #GrittySeuss @midnight @DavidKoechner https://t.co/bMOvzG3AgR https://t.co/z2G2SeIks6	1
Son of Sam I Am #GrittySeuss @midnight	1
The Candle Burns at Both Ends for Hardwick #GrittySeuss @midnight #haha	1
I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! And Other Erotic Stories @midnight #GrittySeuss	1
@midnight So I Married a Lorax Murderer #GrittySeuss	1
One Fist, Two Fist, Red Fist, Pooh Fist.  #GrittySeuss @midnight	1
Green Ovarian eggs and the old white guys that control your ham wallet. #GrittySeuss @midnight	6
One fish, two fish, red fish, get F**ked #GrittySeuss @midnight	1
Hunches in @RonFunches @midnight #GrittySeuss	1
How the Bush Stole the Election @midnight #GrittySeuss	7
One fish, two fish RED fish is a DEAD fish! (fuckin' commie socialist!)  #GrittyDrSeuss #GrittySeuss @midnight	7
I am Sam I am @midnight #GrittySeuss	1
Trump fish, Trump fish Trump fish... dammit! #GrittyDrSeuss #GrittySeuss @midnight	7
@midnight #grittyseuss the purge IV: stars upon thars class warfare	7
"Green kegs &amp; 5 grams #grittyseuss @midnight"	1
@midnight You're Only Guilty Once...or are you? #GrittySeuss https://t.co/4Xf9iBQvFn	8
Oh The Places You Will Go you dirty nasty hoe #GrittySeuss @midnight	1
Green eggs and ham Eggs,unfertilized,mam #GrittySeuss  @midnight	3
,@midnight The Cat in the Egg Roll #GrittySeuss	2
The heinous anus meets the meanest penis ever seenest! @midnight #GrittySeuss	2
@ComedyCentral @DavidKoechner @midnight After learning that Horton actually heard a Who, the NSA came knocking...  #GrittySeuss @midnight	7
#GrittySeuss @midnight Star Belly Supremacy	3
#GrittySeuss. There's a Wocket in My Pocket (jk: it's a used syringe!) @midnight	3
One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish: A Tale of Overfishing our Oceans #GrittySeuss @midnight	8
#GrittySeuss @midnight 2 Things, 1 Cup	3
Silence of the Green Eggs and Lamb #GrittySeuss @midnight	3
"Horton? His wife starts to come down the stairs. ""Are you okay, honey? I woke up and you weren't in bed."" #GrittySeuss @midnight"	3
I'm Yertle The Turtle and off I shall go, with the head of the infamous Danny Trejo!  #grittyseuss @midnight #breakingbad	4
He said, I am The Lorax. I speak for the trees. Then the land developer came and busted his knees. #GrittySeuss @midnight	8
The Cat in the Hat Was stabbed with a knife Now The Dog with a blog Is serving 20 to life. #GrittySeuss @midnight	8
in Whoville they say that the Grinch's small heart grew 3 sizes that day resulting in a fatal myocardial rupture. #GrittySeuss @midnight	7
@midnight Migraine has Broken #HangoverSongs	3
Never Gonna Give You Up To The Police #HangoverSongs #rickrolled @midnight	3
Hello, it's me sorry for texting you last night, things got weird #HangoverSongs @midnight	2
@midnight  Who Are You.....No REALLY! #HangoverSongs	7
Baby Got Yack @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
@midnight  Should I Stay Or Should I Go Throw Up #HangoverSongs	2
Un-break My Shart  #HangoverSongs @midnight	1
Blowin Chunks In The Wind #HangoverSongs  @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Beer of the Cat"" #HangoverSongs"	3
@midnight Moonshined by Boozehound Garden #HangoverSongs	3
@midnight There's a queer in my rear #HangoverSongs #TooMuch?	3
99 Bottles of Aspirin on the Wall #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Hotel Hitthefloornia. #hangoversongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Don't Wake Me Up, Just Go...Go! @midnight	7
The tattoo on my hips don't lie #HangoverSongs #PointsMe  @midnight	3
@midnight  Nights Spent In White Bathrooms #HangoverSongs	3
2 Live Brew @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
I'm all about the bass to stop cause I Have a huge headache @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
Janie's Got A Squirt Gun Full Of Tequila  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
"Duran Duran's ""Hurls On Film"". #HangoverSongs @midnight"	3
X's and Oh I Just Puked on My Ex #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Lose Your Breakfast At Tiffany's @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
Who are you- sleeping next to me, and what is that smell, and please tell me that's a condom   #HangoverSongs  @midnight	3
I get knocked down, but I don't get up again. #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
I Believe I Can Fly... Wait... I Can't #HangoverSongs @midnight	7
"@midnight #HangoverSongs  MY SON JUST ADDED... ""I fall down....but I get up again!"""	3
#HangoverSongs Feel sick inc. @midnight	3
What I Hate About Morning @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
#HangoverSongs @midnight  Oh Danny Boyarrrggghhh	3
@midnight You oughta know I can't handle tequila #hangoversongs	3
"#HangoverSongs "" I Wear My Beer Goggles at Night"" @midnight"	3
@midnight #hangoversongs Liver Let Die https://t.co/GSN8jKEPYa	3
The Wind Cries Bloody Mary  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
What a Chunderful World #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Call Me... A Doctor #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs InAGodADiarrhea @midnight	3
Oops! I pissed my sheets again #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Saturday in the park, puking on a homeless guy. @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
You spin my head, right round, barf town...when I go down, I stay down! #hashtagwars #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Baby, You Can't Drive My Car @midnight	3
Puking On The Doc of the Bayside Urgent Care #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
You're pretty when I'm drunk @midnight #hangoversongs	3
Stuck In The Bathroom With You #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
I've Got You More Beer Babe #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Back to Life, Back to Sobriety  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Stairway To Dry-heaving  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
The Room Spins Me Round Round #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
"#HangoverSongs @midnight  ""#Election Day""~ by #DuranDuran  (DID I REALLY VOTE FOR TRUMP???)   : (   #HappyStPatricksDay"	3
#HangoverSongs @midnight I Need To Hurl, Oh!	3
"#HangoverSongs ""Upchuck Funk"" @midnight"	3
@midnight #hangoversongs My team is going to play in Ncaa tournament, and The Cardinals aren't even getting to go to NIT, #4thstreetlive	0
Wham! Is the sound of my face hitting the floor on St Patrick's Day @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
Billy O'Jean @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
Purple Shots Haze #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Hollaback 'N Hurl #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs  Livin' On A Prayer (to the porcelain Gods) I know this took all night @hardwick but I was drunk! Now I know! )	3
@midnight I'll Have a Headache in the Morning #HangoverSongs	3
Vomit In My Coffee  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Let Me Be @midnight	3
@midnight my head feels like a wrecking ball #hangoversongs	3
Moves like Jager Bombs #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
It's a Long Hard Road out of Hell #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Blinded By The Light, Close The Drapes!  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs Patches (of Vomit)	3
I'm cold and I am shamed Lying naked on the floor I'm wide awake and I can see I shouldn't've done that last night #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
And I've got a blank space baby cause drank a lot @midnight #hangoversongs	3
Living On The Edge of my toilet bowl #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight The Room Is Spinning Right Round When I Lay Down #HangoverSongs	3
Raining Vomit #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Fuck, it's Tha Police  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
"#HangoverSongs "" I'll Stumble, then Tumble For You"" @midnight"	3
@midnight here comes the bile, bowels on trial, st patty's day turned my poop into green mile #HangoverSongs	3
@midnight its five o'clock everywhere #HangoverSongs	3
Crash test dummies - mmmmm zzzzzzzzz #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight don't stand so, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me I'm gonna vomit #hangoversongs	3
@midnight do you wanna take my picture? Cause I won't remember #hangoversongs	3
#HangoverSongs Baby, Baby, Where Did My Lunch Go @midnight	3
Brown Eyed Hurl #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Signed, Sealed, De-livered (I'm Poor!) #hangoversongs @midnight	3
Pissed and Pout #Hangoversongs @midnight	3
Seargent Pukers Lonely Head Ache Band #Hangoversongs @midnight	3
@midnight A Day To Remember In Pieces #hangoversongs	3
Vomit Child #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Part Time Clover @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
#HangoverSongs Hello, is this the Uber you're looking for @midnight	3
"#HangoverSongs ""Atomic Hair of the Dog"" @midnight"	3
Stumble This Way #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #hangoversongs My head spins me right round baby right round https://t.co/yHhFkedcAL	3
@midnight I can't walk the line #hangoversongs	3
I Don't Want To Miss A Drink #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Jumpin' Jack Daniels @midnight	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs Goin' to the Porcelain Altar	3
#HangoverSongs @midnight You're So Drained (Pints!)	3
@midnight @laurenlapkus @bejohnce @sethismorris #HangoverSongs Jesse's Hurl	3
@midnight  Talkin Bout Regurgitation #HangoverSongs	3
Whiskey You're the Devil #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Ask Alice to cover my shift #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #hangoversongs Stumbling in the Street	3
"#HangoverSongs ""Hold My Hair"" @midnight"	3
"You Shook Me All Night Long, Because I'd Passed Out &amp; You Wanted To Make Sure I Was Still Alive. #HangoverSongs @midnight"	3
#HangoverSongs Blurred Eyes @midnight	3
#hangoversongs Roofie in the Skyy with Diamonds @midnight	3
Girl I need an uber, eight days a week! @midnight #HangoverSongs	3
@midnight  Is She Really Throwing Up On Him? #HangoverSongs	3
Hey Yaa-uck #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Beethoven's 5th of Scotch #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs I left my Lunch in San Francisco @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Don't Leave Me This Way @midnight	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs  I Left Some Stains Down the Bathroom Door	3
wish we could turn back time, to the good old days before we got married in Vegas   #HangoverSongs  @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs @midnight Toilet It Go	3
You're Beautiful! (Oh wait, no you're not. What was I thinking last night?) #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Billy, don't puke in here. No. #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Sara Bile #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight somebody that I used to know until I woke up in your bed #hangoversongs	3
#HangoverSongs You Wanna Hold My Head @midnight	3
Everybody Hurls #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Puked Up Kix  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight #HangoverSongs ""Moves Like Jgermeister"""	3
@midnight Queasy as a Sunday Morning #HangoverSongs	3
Where the Sheets Have No Shame #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Straight Up-chuck  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs  And I Still Haven't Found Mom's Old Vicodin	3
"@midnight #HangoverSongs ""The Morning After Pill"""	3
#HangoverSongs Somewhere Over the Toilet @midnight	3
@midnight  Bathroom Stall Blitz #HangoverSongs	3
Walking on Shame-shine... #hangoversongs @midnight	3
'Scuse me while I kiss the bathroom floor.  #HangoverSongs  @midnight	3
#HangoverSongs Wouldn't it be nice if I was sober. @midnight	3
Rocked The Cashbar #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...shut the blinds, it's too bright in here! #HangoverSongs	3
@midnight #HangoverSongs Let the Music Play (at a lower volume)	3
Voices Carry... So Don't Say Anything At All #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Liver Let Die #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Suit and Tylenol #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Been Caught Kneeling #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Queasy Like Sunday Morning  #HangoverSongs @midnight	3
Astro Boi #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
"DJ Ren &amp; Stimpy #HipHopCartoons @midnight"	3
@nerdist @midnight #hashtagwars #HipHopCartoons Spongebob Applebottompants	3
My Little Pitbull @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight Will-I-Am Coyote #HipHopCartoons	3
Don't Go Chasin Dragon Balls @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
Inspectah Gadget @midnight  #HIPHOPCARTOONS	3
Horton Hears a Wu @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight South SIDE Park #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight @mrDaveKrumholtz @theejamesdavis @laurenlapkus @nerdist @DougBenson  #HipHopCartoons #StaightOuttaCybertron http://t.co/SmZGDTJGAc	3
"MC Ren &amp; Stimpy #HipHopCartoons @midnight (Updated)"	3
Moody Oprah Babies #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Strawberry ShortDrake #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight Straight Outta Clubhouse #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons The Real Ghostbusa Rymes.	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons  Notorious (sponge) B.O.B	3
Bobby Brown's World #HipHopCartoons @midnight my bro Jose came up with this one too	3
Wu-Tang Clan and the Masters of the Universe #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Mickey Mouse of Pain #HipHopCartoons  @midnight	3
Pinky and Lil Wayne @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons LL cool Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors	3
#HipHopCartoons @midnight The Notorious Porky P.I.G.	3
BrickBobSaggypants #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Salt 'n' Peppa Ann #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Droop Dogg #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/m54MQQaMwk	3
Foghorn Stanky Legghorn #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Dragon Ball So Hard Muhf***** Wanna Fine Jay-Z @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
Dr McDre @midnight or Power Puff Daddy  #HipHopCartoons	3
Robotech-9 @midnight #hipHopCartoons	3
Finding Eminemo #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
The Notorious A.L.B.E.R.T. #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons Old Dirty Rugrats	3
The Adventures Of Flavor Flav's Tickety Toc @midnight  #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight @mrDaveKrumholtz @theejamesdavis @laurenlapkus #HipHopCartoons Beauty and the Beat!!	3
Wu Tangled #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
The  Wuzzles tang clan #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/dSnMkgXFwV	3
@midnight  Snoop Deputy Dawg #Hiphopcartoons	3
"#HipHopCartoons @midnight ""Watch me Tom...Watch me Jerry..."""	3
@midnight Pinky and Da Brat #HipHopCartoons	3
Donald Duck the Police @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
"@midnight #HipHopCartoons Dougie (Teach Me How To) featuring Fatty Patty ""I Hate Mayonnaise"""	3
Song of the Dirty South #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
T.I. Joe #HIPHOPCARTOONS @midnight	3
Notorious B.I.G.I. Joe @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
Flintstoners @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
"P.B.M.D. (Pinky &amp; The Brain Making Domination) #HipHopCartoons @midnight"	3
The Power Puff Girls go Round the Outside, Round the Outside, Round the Outside #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight Code Monkeys (those funky monkeys) #HipHopCartoons	3
Gin and Beetlejuice #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Cowboy HipHop #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Inspectah Deck Gadget #HIPHOPCARTOONS @midnight	3
Bone-thugz bunny #hiphopcartoons @midnight	3
Spaceghostface Killah #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/IzM0VFc0D6	3
All Snoop Doggs Go To Heaven #HipHopCartoons @midnight @SnoopDogg	3
@nerdist @midnight #hashtagwars #HipHopCartoons Winnie the Pew Pew Pew	3
@midnight Pinky and insane in the memBrain #HipHopCartoons	3
Space Ghostface Killa Coast to Coast #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight AHH! Real Gangsters! #HipHopCartoons	3
Run and Stimpy @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
@nerdist @midnight #hashtagwars #HipHopCartoons Kanye Quest	3
Mr. MaGoodie Mob #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/yN1hdjeYKl	3
@nerdist @midnight #HipHopCartoons #hashtagwars Lilo and Bitch-es: The Series!	3
@midnight Racer Xzibit #HipHopCartoons	3
A Tribe Called Johnny Quest #HIPHOPCARTOONS @midnight	3
@midnight Inspector Ratchet #HipHopCartoons	3
King of the Cypress Hill #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Fivel Goes Kanye West #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Bone Buggs and Har-bunny #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons where in the world is Cam'ron Sandiego	3
Robo-Tang Clan #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Beavis and I like Big Butt-heads #HipHopCartoons  @midnight	3
@midnight Wu Tang Fooey #HipHopCartoons	3
G.I. Joe Budden  #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Magilla GoRZA #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/X8igutI1ca	3
The artist formerly know as MC Scat Cat #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
DMX-Men @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
@midnight #HipHopCartoons UNDER DOGG!	3
Johnny Questlove @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
Pinky and the 2 chainz  #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Snorks Dogg #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
The Magic School Busta Rhymes #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
Bug$ Munny @midnight #HipHopCartoons	3
"MC Ren &amp; Stimpy #HipHopCartoons @midnight"	3
@midnight DOUG E. Fresh #HipHopCartoons I	3
@midnight The Notorious Dee Dee Sky's #HipHopCartoons	3
The Notorious P.A.C Man  #HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
RapGod #HipHopCartoons @midnight http://t.co/LYXo5OIIqO	3
Gimme my juice, bitch...#HipHopCartoons @midnight	3
I like big Hutt's and I cannot lie @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
It's a TRAP Queen. #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
"@midnight : Notorious ""Uff-tee-dee!"" #HipHopStarWars"	3
I'm going (going) back (back) to Naboo (Naboo)... @midnight #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
#HipHopStarWars @midnight PM Thrawn https://t.co/9epd1UkCHo	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Mi-Lincoln-ium Nav-Con	3
Straight outta Sarlacc #HipHopStarWars @midnight https://t.co/Otmw1ktX9l	3
From the Windows to the Wall Till the sweat drop down my BB-8. #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Ice, ice find your lack of baby disturbing #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
"The Kessel Run DMC's ""MY A-GRIEVOUS"" #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe"	3
so just chill 'til the next episode -it's only 9 days away #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
Meek Millennium Falcon #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Deez aren't the Nutz you're looking for.	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  FUBU the Hutt	3
Lil X-Wing @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
Tat-2-ween @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
Jar Jar Blings #hiphopstarwars @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #HipHopStarWars  Live the life of a protocol, until the day I die, live the life of a translator (all eyes on 3)	3
2 Chainz'd to Jabba in a metal bikini #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
Queen LAT-ATifa #HipHopStarWars  @midnight	3
#HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight MC Walking Carpet	3
All About That Rebel Base @midnight #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
@midnight Knuck if you Malltobuck #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight #HipHopStarWars I Can't Feel My Face, by The Weeknd, featuring Jango Fett... you know, since his head got sliced off by Windu.	3
Anakin I get a f**k you? #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
If Drake came out with a concept album under the stage name Lando Kadrizzyan, I'd be a fan. #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
DMX-Wing @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight #hiphopstarwars what's the difference between Han and Luke	0
lil X-Wayne fighter #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
Can't feel my face - The Droids #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Ain't Nothing but a Jar Jar Thang. #HipHopStarWars #OhGodImSoSorry @midnight	3
Lil Wayne Kenobi #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
Easy-Ewoks on the moon of Eminendor #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
#HipHopStarWars I left my clone in El Kamino... Gotta get him, I gotta get him. @midnight	3
World DeathStar Hop #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
Ma$e Windu #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Master Yoda P #HipHopStarWars @midnight https://t.co/yDVhLz6Kf1	3
Raekwon Jin @midnight  #HipHopStarWars	3
Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Autotune #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Mr Han Solo Dolo #HipHopStarWars #kidcudi @midnight	3
@midnight I'm in love with the SoLo #HipHopStarWars	3
"@midnight : Notorious ""Uff-tee-dee!"" #HipHopStarWars https://t.co/6Ras3wsNKS"	3
Smokin Endor, sippin on Gin and Juice #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
#HipHopStarWars @midnight I love it when they call me Big Boba https://t.co/jfodZ4a21q	3
U Can't Touch This... Because She's Your Sister #HipHopStarWars @midnight	7
"@midnight : Yeeeaaahhh, droooiiid!"" #HipHopStarWars https://t.co/5LtwvDdQy1"	3
Meek Millennium Wiz Khalifalcon #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
The Drake side of the force! #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
The Kessel Run DMC #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
#HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight I find your lack of bling disturbing	3
Straight Outta Mos Eisley #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Big Baby Grievous @midnight  #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
X-wing clan ain't nutin' to fuck with #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
Han get low #HipHopStarWars  @midnight	3
Darth Lil Wayne #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
Iggy Aza-Leia #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
Notorious J.A.B.B.A #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
C3P-Diddy O #HipHopStarWars @midnight #Pointsme	3
@midnight Boba Fett WAP #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
Eazy E-wokk @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Kessel Run DMC #HipHopStarWars	3
Force push it good @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
Turn Down For Watto #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Biggie Shot First	3
@midnight Run DMC-3PO #HipHopStarWars	3
Jawa Rule #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #HipHopStarWars  #easy e.wok	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  EminEndor	3
@midnight Ice TK-421 #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Lil' Jango #HipHopStarWars	3
Mos Espa and Talib Kasyyyk are Black Sarlacc @midnight #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
#HipHopStarWars @midnight I said a hip Hutt, Jabba the Hutt , a hip hop Jabba the Hutt.Word to ya Bantha!	3
@midnight Bounty Hunters: OG since '88 #HipHopStarWars	3
Ewok This Way #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
I'm a classic Han. You can be mean if you gotta wookie. I'm a classic Han... I'm a classic Ha-ann... #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight De La Han Solo #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Qui-Gon Gin and Juice #HipHopStarWars	3
Boba Fetty Wap #hiphopstarwars @midnight #PointsMe	3
Afromanakin Skywalker #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Jedi Mind Tricks #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Ol' Dirty Blaster @midnight  #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Youngling M.C.	3
@midnight clone soulja-boy #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Jedi Holochronic #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Jedi Master Sifo-Yeezus #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight Nerf herders with attitude #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight obi-won kenobie trice #HipHopStarWars	3
The Next EPISODE  @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
Started From The Bothan #HipHopStarWars @midnight  #PointsMe	3
Straight Outta Hoth @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
Emin-Endor @midnight #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
Move, Sith! Get out the way. #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Shame on a jawa who tried to run game on a jawa... #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
C3OPP #HipHopStarWars  @midnight	3
Wookie Flaka Flame @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
#HipHopStarWars straight outta dagobah @midnight #PointsMe	3
@MarkJWeather Qui-Gon Jinn and juice #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Snoop Dugg #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Snoop Doggy Pod Race @midnight #HipHopStarWars	3
#HipHopStarWars Suge Jedi Knight @midnight	3
Notorious B.I.G.G.S. #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe https://t.co/cOAvE9tNKt	3
Trooper Butter #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Boba Phat #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Sarlacc Pitbull #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Jar Jar Rule #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Got My Qui On my Gon Jinn  And My Gon Jinn On My Qui	3
@midnight Jay Jay-Z #HipHopStarWars	3
@midnight #HipHopStarWars  Started with the Ewoks now I'm here!	3
Plo Rida #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
"@midnight #HipHopStarWars   Beep boop whistle, bitches. Beep boop whistle, hos.  Beep boop whistle, Wookies. &lt;R2D2 poses like a gangsta&gt;"	3
Obi Trice Kenobi #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
C-P0 Green #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Mind playing tricks on me - Jedi Boys #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #hiphopstarwars yo-yoda	3
@midnight Sarlacc Pit Bull #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe	3
Lucas the Creator #HipHopStarWars @midnight #PointsMe	3
Me,My-sith,and I #HipHopStarWars #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight  #HipHopStarWars Get Lowbot https://t.co/klNjaBySFq	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #HipHopStarWars  Fuck the 3POlice	3
Hutt, Hutt, in the Butt #HipHopStarWars @midnight	3
Gilligan's Three Mile Island  #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Schindler's Blacklist   @midnight  #HistoricalTvShows	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight Grizzly John Adams	3
The Thomas Jeffersons @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	3
MasterChef Heaven's Gate edition #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Survivor: bubonic plague #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows   Martin Luther King of Queens  @midnight	3
The Walking Dead Presidents  #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows Hey Benedict Arnold! @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows Don't Trust the Black Guy in Apt 23 @midnight	3
The Bachelor: Tudor Edition #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Vampire Diaries of Anne Frank #HistoricalTVShows	3
The Victorian Empire #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #historicaltvshows The Odd Couplet	3
@midnight Thou Shalt Not Commit Murder, She Wrote #HistoricalTVShows	3
The Real Housewives of Henry VIII #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Naked and afraid #HistoricalTVShows @midnight https://t.co/1t59doOcEC	3
@midnight Real Housewives of Sodom and Gomorrah #HistoricalTVShows	3
The Bernie Bunch @midnight #HistoricalTvShows	7
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Kardashians	3
New Girl with Caitlin Jenner #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Dr. Quinn, That Damnable Witch #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
My dinosaur from hell #historicaltvshows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight @midnight ride of Paul Revere	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight (response from the future about the GOP debates)   You Can't Do That on Television	3
Better Call Solomon #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@pileckis @midnight #HistoricalTVShows Gettysburg Junction.	3
Two and Three-fifths Men #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight Donner Party of Five	3
Dallas Book Depository @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	3
Eighteen Thirty Something @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	3
"@Midnight #HistoricalTVShows How about ""ET Tu, Brute"" - a sitcom set in Ancient Rome?"	3
The Apprentice US Presidental Version #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	7
Jonah loves Chachkas #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
I have a Dream of Jeannie @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	3
@midnight Fhrer House #HistoricalTVShows	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight Signaled Out	3
The Gold(en) Rush Girls. @midnight #historicaltvshows	3
@midnight All My Children's Crusade #HistoricalTVShows	3
#HistoricalTVShows I dream of birthing the son of God @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight how I met your grandmother	7
@midnight Better call Saul...Jesus's lawyer. #HistoricalTVShows #BetterCallSaul	3
Bill Nye the Alchemy Guy #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
'Finding Neverland: My Night at Michael Jackson's' #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows The Blacksmith's Apprentice @midnight	3
It's always sunny in Mesopotamia @midnight #historicaltvshows	3
My Name Is Earl of Yorkshire #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #historicaltvshows Boston Tea Party of Five	3
@midnight Night Court of the Salem Witch Trials #HistoricalTVShows	3
#HistoricalTVshows shout out to this guy @thomaslennon saying Reno 911  on @midnight #Blessed @nickswardson greatest show ever	3
@midnight #HistoricalTVShows The A-Teamsters (and don't worry where Jimmy Hoffa is!!!)	3
Keeping up with the Romanovs #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Mad Men of Congress #HistoricalTVShows	8
@midnight Marcus Aurelius, MD #HistoricalTVShows	3
America's Next Famine Victim #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Grey's Physiognomy #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight  The Cold War At Home #HistoricalTVShows	3
Spongerobert Squarebreeches #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Battlestar Galactica of the Bulge #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight Sabrina the Teenage Salem Witch Trials #HistoricalTVShows	3
Harry and the Hindenburg #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Fawlty Trump Towers @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	7
How I met your mother/father starring Caitlin Jenner #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick Orange is the New Black Plague #HistoricalTVShows #Trump2016	7
"Fornication &amp; the Hamlet #HistoricalTVShows @midnight"	3
Pretty Little Lepers #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight the German classic, 10 Things I Hate About Jews #HistoricalTVShows	8
Leave it IN Beaver @midnight  #HistoricalTVShows	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight The @midnight Ride of Paul Revere	3
King Charles in Charge #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows An Idiot Broad @midnight @rickygervais	3
Let's Make A Deal: Louisiana Purchase Edition #HistoricalTVShows  @midnight	3
'Steven Uni-Bomber' #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Two and a half romen #historicaltvshows @midnight	3
Star Trek: The Excommunication (of Galileo) #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
@midnight #HistoricalTVShows Real Housewives Of Hampton Court.	3
13 and pregnant #historicaltvshows @midnight	3
#HistoricalTVShows @midnight John Quincy Adams, M.E.	3
Blackish Plague #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
'How to Get Away With Murder: The Truth of the Presidential Zodiac Killer' #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
"Rosa Parks &amp; Recreation #HistoricalTVShows @midnight"	3
That 1770s Show #HistoricalTVShows @midnight https://t.co/gxtHlKGfBk	3
@midnight This Old House Divided #HistoricalTVShows	3
Renaissance and Stimpy #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
The Tafts of Life #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Dancing with the Czars #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Third Plymouth Rock From The Sun  #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Saved by the liberty bell @midnight #HistoricalTVShows	3
Sons of Monarchy  #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Doctor Who Puts Leeches on You  #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Everybody Hates Chris Columbus #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
The Real Housewives of the Ottoman Empire #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Baywatch of Pigs #HistoricalTVShows @midnight	3
Can't even #HitOnYourMom @midnight 	7
You're never too old to get a spanking #HitOnYourMom @midnight	2
Hi Mom, it's me, Ed. You know, you're long lost son, Ed Dippus. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
#HitOnYourMom Hey Mom, how about a creampie for dessert? @midnight	1
@midnight Your cookies are delicious #HitOnYourMom	1
Actual lineage be damned. Tonight I'm YOUR daddy. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
"I'm just admiring my pearl necklace mrs. Cleaver. #HitOnYourMom @midnight"""	1
'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night! #HitOnYourMom #LonelyIsland @midnight	1
Hey @midnight #MaybeOneDayICan #HitOnYourMom. Okay I'll wait until #BackToFutureDay to slip her my #nerdoween.  #lifegoals	1
You taught me everything you know, now let me show you what I know #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Hey we haven't done this in awhile but can we brest feed again #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Oh yeah, say my middle name. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
You may not have seen purple underwear, but have you received a purple mushroom?#HitOnYourMom @midnight #BackToTheFuture	1
Who cares if you have kids, or if I'm one of them... #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
"Hmmm... Smurfette underpants, who'd a guessed it.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight"""	7
I'm not angry I'm just disappointed in your erection @hardwick @midnight #HitOnYourMom	7
Wanna get Oedipus wrecked? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Those Capri's would look better on my bedroom floor.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
Got milk #HitOnYourMom @midnight	2
I know I'm 33, is that too old to breastfeed? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
@midnight  #HitOnYourMom for sure i thought @tycertank would get into this one	7
I only talk back cuz you know you like it @midnight #HitOnYourMom	8
#HitOnYourMom you need to be with someone that knows you inside out @midnight	1
Great Scott!! That s your mom!?? #HitOnYourMom #BackToTheFuture @midnight	1
"*gets baseball bat*thwack thwack thwack ""sorry Mom, thank @hardwick it was this or incestuous lesbian tweets"" #HitOnYourMom @midnight"	8
Dad is good and all, but I inherited grandpa's 'D'! #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	3
Wanna have some fun behind the dumpster at Chuck E. Cheese? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Its #BackToFutureDay how about i throw you legs back behind your head #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
What happened next is only available on pay-per-view.  https://t.co/DcmRYtaMJZ #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Mommy, can you kiss my boo boo and make it better?  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
In c'est si bon? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
"You dare me to what? Uh, Ok. SMACK! Oh, you said ""on"". My bad. Sorry, Mom. Either way, dude, you are so messed up.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight"	1
I don't wanna #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
What say you and I sneak off and corrupt the family gene pool? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Pop them tig ol' bitties in my mouth #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	1
Just saying your moms got ass too!  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Cool mom's love their Sunny's D. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
We already live together. Let's consummate the relationship #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
"#HitOnYourMom ""I need you to check for monsters...in my pants.""@midnight"	3
Your mother and I would like you to reverse your circumcision. #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	1
Start at B5 and work your way down vertically til you find her battleship #HitOnYourMom #WinningAtBattleship @midnight	3
In 60 years, is it likely to matter? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
@midnight the most creepiest #hashtagwars EVER!!!#HitOnYourMom I mean Ewww!! Sheesh that's in the Creeper Zone!	0
I was inside of you for nine months. What's another 3 minutes? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	2
#HitOnYourMom @midnight Wow Mom you're so hot, mmph, grpmmh oh god I just threw up in my mouth. Can't do it. Whew, I'm not a weirdo.	2
My bad I #HitOnYourMom I thought she was one of your friends...besides she is still in my age range 37-87! @midnight	7
Remember when you would breast-feed me? Let's get nostalgic #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
How's it going Missy?... I mean mom #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
After you finish my laundry I got one more load. @midnight #HitOnYourMom #BackToFutureDay	3
Mom, will you be my sexual offender because I really want to feel violated right now.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Wouldn't this make me a necrophiliac? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	0
That's right.  I've been a bad boy. I think I need a good spanking #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
My father never #HitOnYourMom that was me that sent that carrier pigeon and the hard candy. @midnight	7
I can't take you back to the future, but I can slip you a piece of the past #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
I just want to see where she gets her skills from...hearing is way different from seeing  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
I may be grounded but my dick is sky-high #HitOnYourMom @Midnight	1
I don't want you to #HitOnYourMom but if she is a MILF I will be happy to  @midnight	7
It's time for me to leave some DNA in *your* jeans. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
I heard your in to sports I've got some balls for you to play with #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
Technically its #HitOnYourMom so I won't hit on my mom I'll hit on yours @midnight	7
Those are some nice cookies you've for there... Would you like to dip then in my milk #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick @NerdistMom	3
So @hardwick, how many people #HitOnYourMom last night? @midnight	7
You know they say incest is the best #HitOnYourMom @midnight god I feel gross	1
Wow, Mrs. C., I'm LOVIN' the SUV but we passed the SOCCER feilds about a mi--- OHH...  #HitOnYourMom  @midnight #MIKER	1
That's right, I want her dead. No trail. She'll be alone at 7:00pm while making dinner. Do it then. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	8
Uh... uhm... would you... uh... I mean, Do you, um, can we go... Uh, I'd like to take you to the.... to the dance.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
"Came out of it and I'd like to go back in ;) #HitOnYourMom @midnight"	3
@midnight Mom, the reason I don't ever have clean underwear is that my bunghole uses 1.21 gigawatts of power #HitOnYourMom	3
"@Midnight You better BELIEVE  I get it from ""my momma"" #HitOnYourMom"	7
Nothing gets between me and my Calvin Klein jeans. O.k. Mom, except your hands.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Don't worry your son will never find out until third period #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
My dick hurts will you kiss it and make it feel better #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
How about we play reverse-birth? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
@midnight Mom I need help putting lotion on...... Mhhhh. Rub it like that...... Faster.....ohhhhhhhhh!!!! #HitOnYourMom	1
Wanna binge watch Bates Motel? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
You know I got these beautiful eyes from you #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
@midnight #HitOnYourMom   WOW spelled backwards is WOW. Upside down is MOM, and that's the way dad likes her!	3
"Let's get together for some ""bangers and mash"" I got the banger #HitOnYourMom @midnight"	1
I cleaned my room. #HitOnYourMom @Midnight	1
But we're still cousins, right? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
I'm going to squeeze through this wet doorway while you push on my taint! #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	1
How you doin'? #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	3
Good morning mommy, do you want breakfast in bed, or incest in bed? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
@midnight #HitOnYourMom Take out your dentures, pretend you're me as an infant and it's dinner time...	1
"@midnight ""Call me Daddy!"" #HitOnYourMom"	3
#HitOnYourMom @midnight not touching this one with a ten foot pole.	7
@midnight Mom, be careful, that's heavy #HitOnYourMom	3
I've got this rockin' spaceshi ... car, rocking car that has Christmas Lights and gets a little loose at #88mph. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
I'm gonna make you scream my first, middle, and last name because I've been a real bad boy. #HitOnYourMom  @midnight	1
No one can touch my privates cept you mommy or my doctor #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
I can wear a Tom Selleck mask.  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
"Holds boom box over head Cusack style outside of Stacey's house. Hits play. #HitOnYourMom @midnight"" https://t.co/WN0o39UAj3"	3
#HitOnYourMom Hey baby why don't you come over, light some candles, and criticize my life choices? @midnight	7
@midnight I'm gay and I'm suprised at how many #HitOnYourMom tweets I made last night.	0
@midnight don't need to, my mom knows what's up.that's her on the left #HitOnYourMom https://t.co/kmgi7eSupR	1
I made you a pizza with extra sausage #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
This tag is trending in West Virgina... #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	1
Give me two of your Flexeril and 15 minutes and I'll mess up your other hip. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
I can tell by the number of kid stickers on your back car window that you like to fuck so we doing this or not?  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Want to turn every room in the house into my childhood bedroom? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
#HitOnYourMom @midnight Can i stay the night in my old womb?	3
Wanna watch Moody Oprah? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
@midnight #hitonyourmom is the creepiest hash tag ever! I can't even,but the comedians were funny tho!	0
Hey mom lets do it like they do on the discovery channel  #HitOnYourMom @midnight @hardwick	3
Let's see if our kids have our eyes. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
#HitOnYourMom uh-uh...no no no! @midnight	0
@midnight plz post pic of @hardwick handing over his purple, phallic, (back) massager to @NerdistMom even though #HitOnYourMom is over. Thx	1
I'm about to wreck that vagina... Again! #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
Are you tired? Because you've been mall-walking through my mind all day! #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
Hey Mom, I know where Dad's plugged in at! @midnight #HitOnYourMom	1
Tell me more about why you hate Jan at the office. #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
Hey Hot Mama! How about you let me get as deep into that Oedipussy as before I was born? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
"@midnight thanks I now know how horrible I am... ""Are you lactating, or are you just happy to see me?"" #HitOnYourMom"	1
MOM!!! STAY OUT OF MY ROOM!!! Unless you lookin niceeeee #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
My report card may be all A's, but I'm here to give you a D #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
Hey mom, can I have the keys to my first apartment? #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
@Mementh @midnight I wanted to, but she told me we shouldn't ruin a good friendship. #HitOnYourMom	7
How about I  put YOUR eye out #hitonyourmom @midnight	7
Feel like leaving it to the beaver, Mrs. Cleaver?  #HitOnYourMom @midnight	3
I hear you're really into diaper foreplay #HitOnYourMom @midnight	1
Mom, can you read me a story? *hands her Fifty Shades of Grey* #HitOnYourMom @midnight	7
@midnight 5 Golden @rainnwilson (s) #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
#HolidayCelebs Vin Dreidel @midnight	3
Chris Columbus Day   #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Julia Childermas  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Daniel Arbor Day Lewis   #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Saint Nick Cage #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Rudolph Giuliani #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Jingle Bella Lugosi #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Elves Presley #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Lisa LEG LAMPanelli #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @midnight midnight @LisaLampanelli	3
Dr. Dreidel #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
#HolidayCelebs  MistleTony Danza @midnight	3
Santa claude van damme @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
Lent Eastwood @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
MistlePerry #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs Jimmy Fa La La La La La La Lon @pileckis	3
Kim Kardashing through the snow #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Saint West Nicholas #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Jingle Bela Lugosi #HolidayCelebs  @midnight	3
Chanukah Harrison Ford  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Bruce Campbell Wednesday #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Nicholas St. Cage @midnight #holidaycelebs	3
Santa Klaus Barbie #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight It's A Wonderful Lief Garrett #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
#HolidayCelebs Drake-del, Drake-del @midnight	3
Danny Elf-Man   #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Big Baby Jesus' Birthday #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Daniel Day of the Dead Lewis #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight  #HolidayCelebs Judy Garland	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs   Cher your holiday gaiety with exquisite Judy Garland and Jolly Old St. Nicki Minaj. Madonna and child optional.	3
@midnight  #HolidayCelebs cAndy cane Serkis	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs Samuel L Jackfrost	3
Steve O Holy Night #HolidayCelebs @midnight @steveo	3
Angelina Jolly #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Let it Edward Snowden #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Malcolm X-mas #HolidayCelebs  @midnight	3
Madonna #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Sandra Independence Day O'ChristmasTree #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs  Alf on a Shelf https://t.co/7fEvK8LMbB	3
Snoopdeer the red eyes reindeer #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Silent Christopher Knight  @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
Felicia Naviday #HolidayCelebs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Menorah Jones #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Jennifer Jason Sleigh #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Neil St Patrick's Day Harris #HolidayCelebs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Would you be my Karen Valentine? #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Governor Rudolph Giuliani #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Yule Log Brenner #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Morris Chestnut on an Open Fire. #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Golden Ringo Starr #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight  #HolidayCelebs  Kim Kar-dashing all the way	3
@midnight O Come All Ye Faith Hill #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Pchum Ben Affleck #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
"Good ol' Chrissy ""Christmas"" Snow from Three'sCompany!  #HolidayCelebs @midnight https://t.co/qwOEyuyZa3"	3
Raekwanzaa  The Chef #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Donald Trump-Pa-rum-pum-pum-pum #HolidayCelebs @midnight	7
Donald Krampus. @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs  Eve Sugar Plum Silent Christopher Knight	3
@midnight @MeaghanRath @ItsJak_Knight @CheetoSantino Jenna Elfman on a Shelf #HolidayCelebs	3
Eric Decker the halls #HolidayCelebs #pointsme @midnight	3
Amy North Poehler #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Shannon Elizabethlehem #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
RamaDonald Trump #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Pointsettia Carrere #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Katie Holmes For The Holidays @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
Quentinsel Tarantino #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Eva Greensleeves #HolidayCelebs	3
Saint Nicolous Cage @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
Poperah #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Deck the Anthony Michael Halls #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Halle-ween Berry  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Wolf Blitzen #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Michelle Kwanzaa #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
@midnight I'll Be Homer Simpson For Xmas #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Rosh Hashanah Dana  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@pileckis #HolidayCelebs Mistletoe Copeland @midnight	3
@midnight #holidaycelebs  Holly Berry	3
Hark the Harold Ramis Sing #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Let it Snowden #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Ten Lordes-A-Leaping #HolidayCelebs @midnight  #PointsMe	3
#HolidayCelebs Christian Jingle Bale @midnight	3
@midnight rude Dolph Lundgren #pointsme #HolidayCelebs	3
The Artist Formerly Known As Prancer #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Chris HardWreath #HolidayCelebs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Ramadan Aykroyd  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@inviolablevoice @midnight Little Drummer Fallout Boy?  #HolidayCelebs	3
Little Drummer Boy George #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Martin Luther King Junior Day #HolidayCelebs @midnight https://t.co/PpKn9XWdex	3
#HolidayCelebs Christmas Hardwick @midnight	3
#HolidayCelebs Vanilla Icicles @midnight @vanillaice	3
Marty Feldman Gras  #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight YULE Brynner, duh! #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Christmas Cesaro #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Ice-Tinsel @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
Rudolph the Red Faced Giuliani   #HolidayCelebs @midnight	7
DMX-mas #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs Jingle Kristen Bells @IMKristenBell	3
@midnight RamaDaniel Craig #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Silent Wayne Knight #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Christmas CardWick #HolidayCelebs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Kanye Festivus #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
God rest ye merry Hugh Jackman @midnight  #HolidayCelebs	3
Wreath Witherspoon #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Michelle Kwanza @midnight #HolidayCelebs	3
John Sta-mas #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Robert Downey Joynior #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Maya Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Corpus Chris Christi #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
12 Felica Days of Christmas #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Commenorah #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Eliza-Bethlehem Banks #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe @ElizabethBanks https://t.co/QsvtNr4sST	3
@midnight A Christmas Carol O'Connor #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe https://t.co/sw30grbqII	3
Santa Klaus Kinski #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #HolidayCelebs  Comet, Cupid, Donner and Wolf Blitzen.	3
@midnight Jean Claude Van Damme I Love Xmas! #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Trump the wild haired asshat #HolidayCelebs @midnight	7
@midnight Tis The Season To Be Jay-Z #HolidayCelebs #PointsMe	3
Kenny Noggins #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
Snowflake Lively. #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
.@midnight Saint Nicolas Cage #HolidayCelebs	3
Silent M. Night Shyamalan #HolidayCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Oregon trail mix #HungryGames	3
Bamboo chutes and ladders @midnight #HungryGames	3
Hide and go eat @midnight #HungryGames	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Proteinage Mutant Ninja Turtles	3
Super Oreo Brothers  #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight Princess Peach Pie #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
@midnight Candyland #HungryGames	3
Grand Theft Taco #HungryGames @midnight	3
TMNT IV: Turtles in Thyme #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars #TonightIDineOnTurtleSoup	3
@midnight #HungryGames #pointsme Sushidoku	3
BBQ*bert @midnight #HungryGames	3
Parchment Paperboy #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
#HungryGames @midnight Grand Theft Avocado #PointsMe	3
#HungryGames Fallout: New Bagels. #PointsMe @midnight	3
#HungryGames Metroid Prime Rib #PointsMe @midnight	3
Donkey Kebab #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames Win, Lose, or Hotdogs	3
Five Nights At Chuck E. Cheese's #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
@midnight Metal Gear Salad #HungryGames	3
Chef Jeopardee's Mini-ravioli in the form of a question sauce #HungryGames @midnight	3
Frogger legs #HungryGames @midnight	3
Bamboo Shoots and Ladders #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
Starved wars battle-munch @midnight #pointsme #HungryGames	3
Ms. Snackman. @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Parcheesy  #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Halo-fat Salad Dressing	3
@midnight #HungryGames The Legend of Zucchini	3
@midnight #HungryGames Battlefield 14: Modern Cookware 3	3
Stratego Con Carne @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Battlechips n queso #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Dance Pt	3
The Legend of Ziti #HungryGames @midnight	3
Duck Duck Foie Gras #HungryGames @midnight	3
Space Potaters #HungryGames @midnight	3
Star Wars: The Hors D'oeuvres Unleashed  #HungryGames  @midnight  #PointsMe	3
You Must Build a Kebab  #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight Star Wars BattleFunyuns #HungryGames	3
@midnight Fall Outback Steakhouse #HungryGames	3
#HungryGames Pokemon Snap Crackle Pop! #PointsMe @midnight	3
NBA Jams, Jellies, and Preserves #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
RISK the classic game of eating Arby's for dinner! #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
Pokenom #HungryGames @midnight	3
Far Fry #HungryGames  @midnight  #PointsMe	3
Sage of Empires #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
#HungryGames... Parcheesi Doodles... @midnight	3
Comfort Food Larry #HungryGames @midnight	3
"The 2nd game in the Seiken Densetsu series was actually supposed to be ""Secret of Mango"" in the US #mistranslation #HungryGames @midnight"	0
#HungryGames Halo Burger 5 @midnight	3
Don't Break The Ice Cream #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
Super marzipan brothers #pointsme #HungryGames @midnight	3
Why does PAC-MAN have no legs?  Type 2 diabetes. #HungryGames @midnight	3
Grand Theft Burrito #HungryGames @midnight	3
Delicious Delicious Hippos #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight Abe's Codyssey #HungryGames	3
Yo-Kai Watching Bill Trinen eating donuts. #YokaiIsWhy #HungryGames @midnight @trintran https://t.co/B5jNzRVsgD	3
@midnight Ants on a Log In My Pants #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Elder Spring Rolls #HungryGames  @midnight  #PointsMe	3
"Go Fish &amp; Grits #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/8CoQydCu2G"	3
Mouse Wrap #HungryGames @midnight	3
Pock-mon #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
SnackPac-Man #HungryGames @midnight	3
MineKraft Dinner #HungryGames @midnight https://t.co/2SZBrgeTBy	3
@midnight ticket to dine #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Buffet of the RuneLords #Pathfinder #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
@midnight #hungrygames Crepes Against Humanity	3
@midnight #HungryGames Double Dim sum	3
Funnel fantasy #PointsMe #HungryGames	3
#HungryGames @midnight Left for Bread	3
@midnight #pointsme #HungryGames Frappe-y Bird	3
@midnight #HungryGames Battletoasts	3
Burgertime? #HungryGames @midnight	3
Potato skins (pause) and shirts. Yum. #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/1XZ9sabK7d	3
@sylvan_wolf @midnight You missed the perfect opportunity for 'Rice of the Runelords'. #HungryGames	3
I pie with my little pie something pie #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Six Degrees of Kevin Baco-Bits	3
Dragonfruit Warrior II and IV were the best in the series #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
You Don't Know Jack in the Box #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames Chrono Egg Timer	3
Scrapple #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight Grand Theft Automat #HungryGames	3
Turducken Turducken Goose  #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames   Chutes and Cheese Platters.	3
@midnight laser tandoori chicken #PointsMe #HungryGames	3
@midnight Carbs Against Humanity  #HungryGames	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Heroes of the Corn	3
Donkey Kung Pao Chicken #HungryGames @midnight	3
"Mac &amp; Parcheesi #HungryGames @midnight"	3
Chutes and Lettuce #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames   Spin the Taco.	3
Red rover red rover send KFC over. #HungryGames @midnight	3
Zombies Ate My Neighbors #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars #LazyAnswers	3
@midnight Pie Hunter #HungryGames	3
Prince of Persimmon #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
Frylander and Battlechip  #HungryGames @midnight	3
Munchie-kin #HungryGames  @midnight  #PointsMe	3
The sequel to candyland, Diabetesburg. #HungryGames @midnight	7
Laser tagliolini @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe https://t.co/5BEfWl3JW9	3
Fennel Fantasy VI #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
Bacontra @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
@midnight #HungryGames Final Falafel VI	3
@midnight Russian Roulettuce #HungryGames	3
The National Footlong League #HungryGames @midnight	3
Six Degrees of Kevin's Bacon Bits #HungryGames #Pointsme @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #HungryGames Cinnamon Twister	3
@midnight #HungryGames Risk Diabetes.	3
Texas Toast Hold'Em #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
Tic tac dough  #HungryGames @midnight	3
Corned Beef Hashtag Wars #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
@midnight The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Thyme #hungrygames	3
Bloodborne pudding #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #pointsme #HungryGames Let's Make a Meal	3
Win, Lose or Drawn Butter #HungryGames @midnight	3
South Park: The Lick of Truth #HungryGames #PointsMe  @midnight	3
#HungryGames Starburst Ocean #PointsMe @midnight	3
#HungryGames Burger Kingdom Hearts #PointsMe @midnight	3
Marco Polly-O  #HungryGames @midnight	3
Nom-nom-nom-Co. Makers of games such as Profiterole Position and Chocolate Bomberman. @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Golden Pie 007 #HungryGames @midnight	3
Fall-In and Out 4 #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight #HungryGames Frogger with Hollandaise Sauce	3
Mouse Tripe #HungryGames @midnight	3
#HungryGames The Game Of Life Cereal. #PointsMe @midnight	3
.@Pillsbury Grands Theft Auto  #HungryGames @midnight	3
Mahtzee! #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
#HungryGames Scrabble(d) Eggs @midnight	3
Dungeons and Dragonfruits #HungryGames #HashtagWars @midnight	3
@midnight PERFECT DARK CHOCOLATE #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
The Oregano Trail @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Need for Feed #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight The World Ends With Soup #HungryGames	3
Ms. Snack-Man #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars	3
The $100,000 Food Pyramid #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
Cheese Wheel of Fortune #HungryGames @midnight	3
Battle-Chip 'n Dip #HungryGames @midnight	3
Centa-peanut butter and jelly! @midnight #pointsme #HungryGames	3
"South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Prime Cut #HungryGames @midnight"	3
@midnight #hungrygames Tart Wars: Batterfront	3
In-N-Fallout Burger #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight hungry, hungry, hungry hippos #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Chess-ters Cheetos #PointsMe  @midnight #HungryGames	3
@midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe Twizzter	3
#HungryGames Five Beagle Bites at Freddie's #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Sorry! No Leftovers #HungryGames	7
#PointsMe #HungryGames @midnight Five Nights at Friday's	3
@midnight Metal Beer Solid #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Hungry Hungry Hippos. #HungryGames @midnight	3
Pac it in, Man #HungryGames @midnight	3
Hop Scotch Eggs #HungryGames  @midnight  #PointsMe	3
Russian Roulette dressing #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight the legend of zucchini bread: Twizzler Princess.#HungryGames	3
Go Swedish Fish #HungryGames @midnight	3
@midnight Dungeons and doughnuts #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Battle-shrimp @midnight #PointsMe #HungryGames	3
Turkey Kong #HungryGames @midnight	3
Par cheesy bread #HungryGames @midnight	3
Cards against Divinity #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight	3
Teddy Graham Theft Auto @midnight #HungryGames	3
DC Hero Sandwiches  #HungryGames @midnight	3
#HungryGames @midnight  Ker-Chunk #PointsMe https://t.co/s8CmPElTjO	3
Kale Of Duty #HungryGames @midnight	3
"World of War Kraft Mac &amp; Cheese #HungryGames @midnight #PointsMe"	3
Tecmo Bread Bowl #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars #BroccoliAndCheddar	3
Final Falafel VII #HungryGames @midnight	3
Mega Manwich @midnight #HungryGames #PointsMe	3
Super Mario ala Cart 64 #HungryGames @midnight	3
"Did you know? The * in the title of Q*Bert stands for ""uiche""  #HungryGames #PointsMe @midnight #HashTagWars #TheJokeIsQuicheFolks"	7
#ILoveBaeBut she's still pretty hung up on my dad @midnight	2
"@midnight #ILoveBaeBut in reality i dont know what ""bae"" means so i no..."	7
#ILoveBaeBut I think of her brother during sex. @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut , no he's great, I love everything about him. Shh.....is he gone? OMG he's such a cryer! @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut she so ugly you look up ugly in the dictionary and there's her picture. @mavissav @midnight	8
Hate People That Say Bae. #ILoveBaeBut @midnight	2
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut fleshlight is tighter	1
#ILoveBaeBut he always tastes of corn nuts... @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut my heart belongs to the Puget Sound. @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut but she loves Nickelback  @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut he doesn't think Michael Keaton is the best Batman. @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut he dwells like a racoon sometimes @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut I wish she would let me out of the basement @midnight	2
His Junk looks like Hitler's  #ILoveBaeBut @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut s and I can not lie, you other brothers can't deny @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut I don't love his BaeBae style @midnight	
"@ericstonestreet I think they are talking about you ""@terrybain: #ILoveBaeBut she live tweets #TheBachelor @midnight"""	7
#ILoveBaeBut the p.p.o says I need to stay 150 ft away @midnight	3
@midnight #ilovebaebut my left hand is getting jealous	7
#ILoveBaeBut it helps to have a few drinks first @midnight	2
@midnight #Ilovebaebut her parents, husband, kids, and the police are all c**k blockers.	2
#ILoveBaeBut I wish she wouldn't go all low-res when the internet's busy @midnight	2
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut Baeby, you need a tic tac!	6
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut when it's cold out she deflates a bit.	7
#ILoveBaeBut I'd love him even more with ketchup and mustard @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut the only thing she knows how to make for dinner is reservations. @mavissav @midnight	7
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut I prefer Old Bay	7
"#ILoveBaeBut he's going to leave me because I just used the word ""bae."" #sadface @midnight"	7
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut the reflection doesn't love Kanye back.	8
#ILoveBaeBut tacos are forever.  @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut ...I'm bae! @midnight #PointsMe	1
#ILoveBaeBut farts smell worse than mine @midnight	2
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut it's hard to hug him from 100 yards away.	7
#ILoveBaeBut she's sleeping with Rick Grimes now @midnight @WalkingDead_AMC @hardwick	2
@midnight @hardwick #ILoveBaeBut The only time we'll have sex is when @midnight is on. And if it's good she'll yell POINTS!!!!!!	2
#ILoveBaeBut I can no longer dress up like Snagglepuss in the bedroom for you. @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut I don't like his one-eyed monster.  #CORAL #richone @midnight https://t.co/usqy3SYUlg	1
#ILoveBaeBut the prison doesn't allow conjugal visits @midnight	6
#ILoveBaeBut I would never put her dirty laundry out on the street b/c I LOVE BAE! *whispers* U tryin to get me killed?!? @midnight	8
#ILoveBaeBut the court says I have to stay at least 100 yards away from her. @midnight	6
#ILoveBaeBut Bae be Bae be Bae be... Oh... @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut he's always asking me to comb his back hair.  *gag* @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut she voted for Trump .@midnight	7
"#ILoveBaeBut he thinks that drinking before 10 am 3-7 days a week means I have a ""problem"". @midnight"	2
#ILoveBaeBut she's no Montego @midnight	3
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut she never comes over to my mom's house to see me	2
#ILoveBaeBut he smokes all my sativa @midnight	1
"@midnight  #ILoveBaeBut I still won't watch ""keeping up with Kardashians"""	1
@midnight #PointsMe #ILoveBaeBut there is no game genie for love	2
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut her dad is a Capulet and would totally murder my Montague ass if he ever found out.	1
#ILoveBaeBut I still can't believe she married a Hova's witness. #religionisstupid @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut I swear to God, if she says what, again!! I dare her. I double dare her...triple dog dare her to say what, again!! @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut she so dumb she bought screen doors for her submarine. @mavissav @midnight	2
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut While the Supreme Court has ruled that corporations like BAE Systems are people, no genitalia. Corporate boondoggle.	2
#ILoveBaeBut I'm starting to think only I can see or hear him @midnight	4
#ILoveBaeBut I wish she charged less for handies behind the bowling alley. And wasn't a dude. And knew my name. And wasn't a dude. @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut the Bad Accent Enunciator is broken.  @midnight	1
#ILoveBaeBut we have a kid now so like only once or twice a week. @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut she like to whip, she like to nae nae @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut he can snore as loud as the bear that attacked Leo in The Revenant @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut I can't compete with 3 dragons @midnight @GameOfThrones	3
#ILoveBaeBut he's Rumpelstiltskin's son @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut she's no Hudson. Am I right Canadians  @midnight	3
@midnight #ILoveBaeBut its not you... Its your lingo...	2
#ILoveBaeBut shelves of stuffed possums = deal breaker. @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut the other day I heard Mae tell Shea that Ray's gay. Trey said nay but I just like HEYYY!!!!  @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut she's gotta stop stealing my kills! I'm never gonna level up at this rate! @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut I don't love Bae's butt. @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut she is just using me to escape @midnight https://t.co/wrP4Hy61uY	2
#ILoveBaeBut meth loves me more @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut he doesn't know I look at him across the street with a telescope and he has no idea that we are dating...but we are. @midnight	8
#ILoveBaeBut I'm Eva Braun so what the hell do I know @midnight	8
#ILoveBaeBut... It's opposite day and I actually hate that cheating hag.  @midnight	7
@midnight #ilovebaebut keasha got a raw deal why not bae? #ilovebaebut #@midnight #TheBachelor #FreeKeshaNow #containedglitter	3
#ILoveBaeBut I'm not telling her my Twitter handle @midnight	3
#ILoveBaeBut his Pinterest board on punching koala's in the face concerns me. @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut she still can't pass the Turing Test @midnight https://t.co/MpL1gmUMHR	8
She's a bit stabby  #ilovebaebut  @midnight	7
#ILoveBaeBut he chose...poorly.  @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut I don't even know if she still reads my subtweets @midnight	2
#ILoveBaeBut I can't finish this tweet for fear I might win @midnight and be known forever as that guy who had the best bae tweet.	3
#ILoveBaeBut He's Imaginary and I Want to Pretend to See Other People. @midnight	3
"#ILoveBaeBut If I make u breakfast in bed, a simple thank u is all I need. Not all this ""how did u get in my house?"" Business. @midnight"	8
#ILoveBaeBut I'm totes worried about her Thetan levels @midnight	7
Can't Buy Me Likes #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	2
Help (desk) #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
I Am The Firefox #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight A Day in the Life-term becaue of mandatory minimum sentencing. #InternetTheBeatles	8
Glass Onion: America's Finest Glass News Source @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
Magical Mystery search engine of Bing #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
While My Router Gently Reboots #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles What's a Penny? Lane	7
Internet of Things we Said Today #IoT #InternetTheBeatles .@midnight	3
A Day In The Second Life #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Can't Buy Me Lulz #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
Paperback Seller on Amazon @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles .com together	3
Eleanor Rig-eBay  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Here comes the Sun...to kill us all. #climatechange #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	8
The Continuing Story of AirBNB Bill @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
LUCY IN THE SKYPE WITH DIAMONDS  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Yellow Subreddit #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight I got one. Maxwell's Silver Ban Hammer #InternetTheBeatles	3
She's Leaving Facebook  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Eleanor Gigby #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
I can has Imagine #InternetTheBeatles #JohnLennon @midnight	3
@midnight I Periscoped Her Standing There. #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	3
@midnight All the lonely people #PointsMe #InternetTheBeatles	3
I Don't want to Spoil the Lemon party  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
@midnight We Can Work It Out, Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle. #InternetTheBeatles	3
A Day In The Life (Of A Troll) @midnight #internetthebeatles	3
The Long and Winding Reddit Thread #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles master chief peppers	3
She Loves USB #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Blocked in the USSR #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
I Am The Lolrus @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
I get High with a little help from my vape pen @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
IM the Walrus #PointsMe #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
She Yahoos, Yeah Yeah yeah #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
OK Google, Help! #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
HashtagYesAllLonelyPeople @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
LinkedIn the Sky With Diamonds #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
I've Just Seen A Face(book picture)  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Eleanor Gigabyte #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Happiness is a Warm Gun, and a Concealed Carry Permit. #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
Help...Desk #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Being for the Kickstarter of Mr. Kite #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight A Long and Winding Browser History	7
@midnight A Hardwick Days Night #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	3
Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Bandwidth #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Come Together in a Chatroom #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
They are the eggmen, I am anonymous! Cu-cu-cachu @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles I wanna hold your hashtag	3
We all live in a /r/yellow #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
The Long And Winding Road ...rerouting...rerouting... @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
I Wanna Hold Your Handheld (device) @midnight #internetthebeatles	3
All You Need is Lan @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	7
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  She Came in Through the Google Chrome Window	3
Blackbird Tweeting in the dead of night. Stop these crappy memes, and learn to Vine. #InternettheBeatles @midnight	7
We all live in a yellow subtweet  yellow subtweet  yellow subtweet  @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
@midnight Glass @TheOnion #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	3
#internetthebeatles @midnight #PointsMe  For You Bluetooth LinkedIn My Life	3
I Am the Wi-Fi  goo goo ga joob #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
She Came In Through The Vulnerable Firewall @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	7
Twist and Shout obscenities in the comments section #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	8
"@midnight ""Wait"" (I'm buffering) #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe"	7
Wood.no #InternetTheBeatles  @midnight	2
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight Elenor Rig Be, I Se/Ven Pro/Ces/Sor, S/L/I, Vi/Deo cards, and N/Vi/Di/A Mother/Board...	7
Imagine there's no pop-ups. #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight  Ob-la-di, Ob-la-dialup She's Leaving Homepage Ticketmaster To Ride EBay Tripper Love Meme Do	3
When iPhone you up, the line's engaged ... #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles Can't Buy Me Love (unless you have paypal)	7
#InternetTheBeatles Come Together (right now, over Skype) @midnight	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe  Lady Madonna's Porn Tumblr	3
Find out why this Blackbird sings in the dead of night and 27 other odd bird behaviors @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	8
A Day In The Life Of A Fashion Blogger  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #icantstop	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles lovely Rita modem maid  - eBook writer	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  When I'm 64 Gigabytes	3
Angry Blackbirds #InternetTheBeatles InternetTheBeatles @nerdist  @midnight #PointsMe	3
Blog In The USSR  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Help! I need somebody at tech support @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
Sgt Tinder's Lonely Hearts Club Band @midnight #internetthebeatles	3
She's Leaving Home page #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight Lucy Is On Skype With Her Dealer...	8
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  e-Book Writer	3
Being for the Benefit of Mr. Pewdiepie #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Get Mac #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
New #Instagram filters: Strawberry Fields and Yellow Submarine  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  Lucy in the Sky withWifi	3
Drive My Uber #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#InternetTheBeatles Happiness is free wifi @midnight	7
@midnight Ub-Er-Di, Ub-Er-Da, Lyft drives on! #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	3
#internetthebeatles @midnight #pointsme   What Goes OnGroupon? Till There Was Yahoo Zillow Goodbye IMDb the Walrus	3
I Am The Virus #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
Lucy's on Skype with Diamonds #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
@midnight I Buried @Paul Ryan #FeelTheBern #Bernie2016 #InternetTheBeatles	7
#InternetTheBeatles Strawberry Fields 4Chan @midnight	3
"Tweet &amp; Shout #InternetTheBeatles @midnight"	3
"@midnight ""You Won't See Me"" (I'm browsing in private mode) #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe"	3
@midnight Nancy on Etsy knits Red Dragons #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	7
Come Together...but not too many so you don't crash my wifi #InternetTheBeatles @midnight #bsueng213	7
Maxwell's Silver Spammer #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
With A Little Help From My Followers  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
In a yellow sub reddit #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight She Came in Through the Bathroom Windows 10. #InternetTheBeatles	3
When I'm 64-bit @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
Don't Bother Me... I'm playing Candy Crush #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
@midnight I get By With a Little Yelp from My Friends #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe	3
Back in the UR, Back in the UR, Back in the URL  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Why don't we do it in the Snapchat @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	7
Love Memes Too #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
@midnight #hashtagwars #InternetTheBeatles #PointsMe COME AT ME BRO! Right now, over me.	3
Applet Records #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
YELP! #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#InternetTheBeatles Please Please Meme @midnight #PointsMe	3
Back in the HTTP #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Eleanor Rigby's empty Tinder account #InternetThebeatles @midnight #PointsMe	3
You've Got To Hide Your Search History Away #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
The Long And Winding Silk Road #InternetTheBeatles @midnight  #PointsMe	3
I Wanna Post Your Hand @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	8
#InternetTheBeatles HELP ERROR 404 @midnight	3
 Fields 4eva #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
The Long and Whiny YouTube Rant #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight  I Meme Mine	3
#InternetTheBeatles Yelp!  I need somebody!  @midnight #PointsMe	3
Hey Jude, don't meme it bad @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight  Tweet Little Sixteen I Get By With A Little Words With My Friends I'm Happy Just To Dance With YouTube	3
I Wanna Hold Your LAN.   #InternetTheBeatles @nerdist  @midnight #PointsMe	3
"I don't know why you say ""g2g ttyl,"" I say ""HELLO YES, THIS IS DOG."" #InternetTheBeatles @midnight"	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  Wild Honey Pewdiepie	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  e-Ticket to Ride	3
Token Ringo Starr @midnight #InternetTheBeatles	3
When I'm sixty-four bpm #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#internetthebeatles @midnight #pointsme   Polythene Pandora Hulu Goodbye	3
Everybody's Got Something To Hide Except Me And My Public Instagram Account #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
@midnight We all live in a yellow subreddit. #InternetTheBeatles	3
I'm looking through YouTube  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Hey Jeeves? #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#InternetTheBeatles @midnight  Don't Let Me Download Sexy Siri Got To Get You Pinning My Life A Hard Day's Swipe Right	7
Eleanor Ebay #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Paypal Lane  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
One thing I can tell you is we got to be free. #NetNeutrality #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	6
With a Little Help From My #Facebook Friends.  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Can't PayPal Me Love #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
@midnight #InternetTheBeatles  Maxwell's Silver Banhammer	3
Across The Twitterverse #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
While my guitar gently tweets #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
"Tweet &amp; Yelp #InternetTheBeatles @midnight"	3
Eleanor Rigby - 0 mutual friends. #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
#InternetTheBeatles Live and let YOLO @midnight	3
While My Guitar Gentle Tweets  #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	3
Things We Said 'On This Day' #InternetTheBeatles @midnight	7
All Taints Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	3
St. Schmendrick's Day- celebrated by religiously-confused Jewish aspiring schlemiels #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @hardwick	3
@midnight Nov. 8 National Don't Vote For Trump Day #LesserKnownHolidays	7
Kiss a teen age mutant turtle day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight https://t.co/STAFY8jqPl	3
Bring Your Girlfriend's Kid Who Resents the Hell out of You and Wishes You'd Just Die Already to Work Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Phat Person Appreciation Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays Talk Louder Than A Black Person At A Movie Theater	7
Burning Man (Summer Isle only)  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	3
Announciation of the Bloody Mary  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	3
@midnight if October 31st is All Hallows' Eve then clearly November 1st is All Hallows' day. Right? #LesserKnownHolidays	3
@midnight  False Labor Day #LesserKnownHolidays	7
Alzheimer's Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @hardwick	0
Shalloween-- Where kids dress like their favorite Teen Mom...or Presidential candidate #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
@midnight  Super Bong Sunday  #LesserKnownHolidays https://t.co/JBwiWhgAjK	7
Manic-Depressive Monday @midnight #LesserKnownHolidays	3
Spring breakup #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
"John Candy Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight  Keep Dewey Oxburger &amp; Gus Polinski in your thoughts! And swallow a lot of pizzas!!!"	3
#LesserKnownHolidays @midnight Leaving work at 10am but working by cell on the 405 Friday	7
#LesserKnownHolidays Date a white girl day @midnight	7
Don't be to rough on the beaver day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight https://t.co/tVdHoqGRQf	7
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays National Masturbation Day - Celebrated hourly	7
@midnight 4/21 national drug test day #LesserKnownHolidays	3
St. Patrice O'Neal Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Arrrrrrrrrbor Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays Dink Alcohol Because Your Thirsty Day	3
Valentimes you felt single Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight You Are Not The Father's Day #LesserKnownHolidays	8
St. Neil Patrick's Harris Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays That One Day Of The Year That's Still Left After All The Other Days Have Holidays	7
@midnight white history month also known as the other 11 #LesserKnownHolidays	5
Mosh-hashana @midnight #LesserKnownHolidays	3
Kwanzye Westmas #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays National Stalker Appreciation Day - Leave anon cards flowers @ door and inappropriate crotch pics on phone	5
Confusion Day ( Father's Day in Harlem ) #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	8
May The 4th child be sacrificed #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	8
Baby Bash Wednesday #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	2
White Middle-Class Ennui Remembrance Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	8
Cinco de Miracle Whip #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Netflix and Childermas #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Black Friday History Month #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Sandra O'Connor Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Dyslexia Ayd  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Side Boob Appreciation Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Chinese Christmas #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Kardashian Anal Bleaching Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Kwanzaa #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight Revenge of the Fifth #LesserKnownHolidays	3
Marty Feldman Gras #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
May Day Day ... the day in May you find out Donald Trump might actually be president #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
The Showering of the Juggalos  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	4
Elephant in the Tuesday  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	4
@midnight Martin Luther King funeral day. #LesserKnownHolidays	8
Sweepstake Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight https://t.co/TZlNdhDBro	3
@AdioBRoyster @midnight National Date a Sexy girl who hasn't had sex in 3.5 years day (too much?) #LesserKnownHolidays	7
WWE Wrestlemania #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Solidween... #LesserKnownHolidays .@midnight .@hardwick	1
Mother Fu*er's Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Confederate Flag Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Cinnamon Bunday #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
ThanksForGiving me a headache #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Halo weenies #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
#LesserKnownHolidays My Birthday, Dammit @midnight	2
@midnight shart week #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Ass Wind's Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight Drink Day: Americans take normal holidays in other countries as an excuse to drink alcohol all day #LesserKnownHolidays	3
@midnight Yeaster Monday #lesserknownholidays	3
@midnight Jeremy Piven's birthday #LesserKnownHolidays	1
@midnight ber Tuesday #LesserKnownHolidays	3
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays National Obviously having Sex under a blanket in the Park Day	1
Good god @NikkiGlaser is killed it last night on @midnight I fell out of my chair over dog birthdays #LesserKnownHolidays	0
Bad Friday #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
The Day Before Tomorrow  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight  Feasting and debauchery ... and your you better get started!	1
Old Year's Day... The day when people finally stop wishing you a happy new year  #LesserKnownHolidays .@midnight .@hardwick	8
May the fourteenth be without you. #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight Adams, Wednesday #LesserKnownHolidays	3
"Marxest Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight  ""If I say you have a beautiful Holiday, would you hold it against me?"" -Groucho Marx"	3
St. Elsewhere Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Kelly Rowland Day  @midnight @NikkiGlaser @RonFunches @KELLYROWLAND  @thomaslennon #LesserKnownHolidays	1
The 4th of YouLie Independence Day from your cheating spouse #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Assover  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	3
@midnight  July 6 : Murder Day (The 187th day of the year). July 5 in Leap Years  #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Any Excuse To Drink Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight  #LesserKnownHolidays  International Tuba Day (this is REAL!)	1
In Memoriam Day - Celebrated halfway into every rewards show #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
I'm Just Going To Get Some Smokes #LesserKnownHolidays! @midnight	1
Feast of Saint Mr. Belvedere  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	1
Rocktober - An entire month for geologists #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Ozzfist  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	3
@midnight Anal sex day #LesserKnownHolidays #jimjefferies  #april18th	1
@midnight ruby Tuesday #LesserKnownHolidays	1
@midnight St. John Paul I I Day... usually around back to school time. #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Thankstakings #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays Ballerina Appreciation Day @mistyonpointe @DADancAcademy We burn toe shoes and massage feet in celebration.	1
@midnight revenge of the fifth day #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Sheila Easter #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight #lesserknownholidays  Move to Canada Day-January 20, 2017  Trump or Clinton, we're screwed!	8
@midnight  Free Clinic Day: Feb. 15  #LesserKnownHolidays	1
@midnight #LesserKnownHolidays National Social Media Re-posting Day	1
Chris-hard-mas: The holiday when you get points in your stocking from a bearded man in a suit! #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @hardwick	1
Real Dancing Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @chrisdelia #REALDANCING	1
Beauty and the Beaster #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Dependants Day  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
February is National Finally Remember to Write the Right Year Month #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Rash Hashanah - The itchiest day of the year!  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
@midnight Beano Awareness Day #lesserknownholidays	1
@AdioBRoyster @midnight National Starbucks Spells Names Correctly Day #LesserKnownHolidays	1
@midnight 7/11 Memorial Day #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Ashy Wednesday #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Cinco De Maya Rudolph #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @MayaRudolph @hardwick	3
Gorilla Thursday  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
@midnight #lesserknownholidays Brissmas. Every December 25th, male family members exchange circumcisions with each other.	7
Cinco de Ocho #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight @ochocinco	1
@midnight  Kickboxing Day  #LesserKnownHolidays	1
Ferris Bueller's Day Off Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Bitch Slap a Total Stranger Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Stinko de Mayonnaise #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
"Labor &amp; Delivery Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight"	3
Sailor Moonday @midnight #LesserKnownHolidays	3
Going Commando Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
#LesserKnownHolidays McRib day @midnight	3
@AdioBRoyster @midnight National Beat a Co-Worker Ass Day #LesserKnownHolidays	7
Naughty Secretary's Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
National Procrastination Day is tomorrow #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Clean-shaven May #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight (dammit @hardwick! Shave that thing off, you hipster lumberjack!)	7
Earth Stood Still Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	8
Carlito's Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Forget the name but the one where the cameltoe sees its shadow  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight #HashTagWars	7
Ex-Mass. It's where all your ex's talk bad about you over wine and cheese.  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Keith Richards Cheats Death Again Day @midnight #LesserKnownHolidays	7
John Stamos Kills A First Born To Stay Young Eve #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Ass Wednesday  #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Fund Insane Kickstarter Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Becky With The Good Hairday #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
National Hashtagging Holiday-Celebrated at 11:15 pm M-Th #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	1
Walt Disney Was A Known Antisemite Awareness Month #LesserKnownHolidays	6
Delete your Browser History Awareness Day #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	7
Lewis Black History Month #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
Michelle Kwanzaa #LesserKnownHolidays @midnight	3
The Fifth Ailment  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Kung Flu Panda #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
Star Warts: The Plantar Menace #MakeAMovieSick @midnight @hardwick	3
Diarrhea of a Wimpy Kid #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
There's Something Untreatable About Mary #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight The 40-Year-Old Virus #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Shitty Shitty Bang Bang	3
@midnight Miracles from Heaving  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Nanny McPheever  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Taken...to the Doctor @midnight #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick 28 Zikas Later	3
@midnight Pandemic  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Straight Outta Co-pay  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Undiagnosed Tremors #makeamoviesick	3
R*A*S*H #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
#MakeAMovieSick how to lose a wart in ten days @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Chicken Pox Run	3
@midnight Spring Hip-Breakers #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight The Fissure King  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick There's Something About Typhoid Mary	3
Finding Nematodes #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
The Sickening #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Magic Microbes #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Diseasy A  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Buffy the vampire facelift Hunter	3
@midnight Big Fissure  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Fantastic Fourth Bipass  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Fifty Shades of Graves Disease  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Point Break in my fever	3
Ghost Pains World #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Snow White and the Seven Stages of Alzheimer's   #MakeAMovieSick @midnight @HashtagKnights	3
Deep Impacted Wisdom Tooth #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
H.I.V. For Vendetta  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Parathyroid Inactivity #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight The Sorcerer's Appendix  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Me Before U..TI  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Diarrhea Hard With A Vengeance  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Cool Hand Leukemia #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick This is Spinal bifida	3
Hail, Seizure!  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight 12 angry meningitis #makeamoviesick	3
@midnight Mad Max: Fury Rotavirus #MakeAMovieSick	3
Smoky and the Bandage #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Cooties	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick The Big Shart	3
@midnight Iron-deficient Man  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Citizen Pain #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Saturday Night Fever (Sunday Morning, Death)  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight The Livers of Others  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Forrest Mumps  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight @HashtagKnights	3
Vape #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight Underwound: Blood Warts  #MakeAMovieSick	3
A history of violent diarrhea #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Titanic Outbreak #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
Scarlet Fever Street #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Heavin' Scent  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Terms of An Ear Infection #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight White House Down Syndrome #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight The 5 People You Meet In Heaving  #MakeAMovieSick	3
The Sickle Cell #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Alvin and the chipmumps #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight The Gall in Our Stones  #MakeAMovieSick	3
5 Easy pieces of my cranium #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Lord of the Ringworms #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
Winter's Brittle Bone #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick common cold Miners Daughter	3
The Shingles #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight X-Men: First Cl-aspbergers #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight The Morning After pill  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Anal Toy Story #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight Piss-stone: Impassible  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Poxels  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Hart to heart attack	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Strep Up	3
Rise of the Pollups of the Apes. #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Bed Pans and Broomsticks  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight star warts #makeamoviesick	3
Poltergesundheit @midnight  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Saturday Night Fever Blister #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Open Flu Season #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight AIDS-Man #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
The Wizard of Ooze #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Whiskey Tango Gut Rot  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Carsick #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight The Last ItchHunter  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Infection  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight The Man Who Knew Infertility  #MakeAMovieSick	3
#MakeAMovieSick @midnight Meet Joe Black Plague  (yep, I made death sick)	7
Terms of Congealment #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight The Infectibles  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #makeamoviesick The Happiest Legionnaires'	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick The President's staph infection	3
@midnight World War Zyka  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Tragic Mike  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Typhoid Mary Poppins	3
Footbruise #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Night of the Lupus.  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Flight of the Kanyes #makeamoviesick @midnight	7
@midnight Death in the Time of Cholera #MakeAMovieSick	3
Loss of Blood Work #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Children of meningitis #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight The Good Dino's Sore  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Polyp Fiction  #MakeAMovieSick	3
World War Zika #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Rebel Without A Gauze #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight gone in sixty prilosecs #makeamoviesick	3
@midnight The Angry Bowels Movie  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Instreption @midnight #MakeAMovieSick	3
Pinocchiococcal #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Forest Bumps #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight The Amazing Spider-Veins  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Ben Hurled	3
@midnight Infection  #MakeAMovieSick It's a cold within a cold, within a cold.	7
Fahrenheit 911.6 #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight A rheumatism with a view #MakeaMovieSick	3
Witches of DiabetEastwick #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Almost Famished #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight Batman Benigns  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Remission: Impossible #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight The Lice Guys  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Septic Pride  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight Peter pancreatitis #makeamoviesick	3
@midnight Lamaze Runner  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight The girl with the infected tattoo  #MakeAMovieSick	3
The Bourne Colonoscopy #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Son of Salmonella	3
Lower GI Problem Child #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
No Country for Old Meningitis #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
#MakeAMovieSick @midnight   The Diarrhea of Anne Frank	3
Broke Back Mountain #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Humpbatch of Notre Dame #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Daddy's Home with the flu	3
Harry Potter and the A-positive Blood type Prince. #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight  Return of the Pink Eye  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Cannonball runs #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight Cool Runnings Down My Leg #makeamoviesick	3
@midnight Fight Clubfoot  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Romancing the Kidney Stone #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight Afluenzal Activity #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
@midnight Miss Congenitalbirthdefect  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #makeamoviesick Karate SIDS	3
Actual Jersey Boys #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Schindler's Cyst #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Don't Tell Mom about the Babysitter's DNR #MakeAMovieSick @midnight https://t.co/XSz2XJrfIV	3
@midnight Tremors  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick undiscovered diseases in The Jungle Book	3
8MM incision #MakeAMovieSick @midnight https://t.co/bq9gd4AC0q	3
@midnight Airboune!... Illness #MakeAMovieSick #PointsMe	3
"@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Sneezed &amp; Confused"	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Saturday Night 103 Fever	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick ebola Monkey Shines	3
@midnight Mrs.Goutfire  #makeamoviesick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Lord of the ringworm	3
National Treasure: Book of Secretions #MakeAMovieSick @midnight https://t.co/i6Yr2EcZMm	3
Diphtheria of a mad black woman. #makeamoviesick @midnight	3
@midnight The Stomach Linings Playbook  #MakeAMovieSick	3
A Night at the Operating Room #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Mad Vax @midnight #MakeAMovieSick	3
The Amazing Kid Dying of Radiation Poisoning #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
No Cough Syrup For Old Men #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight John Sick  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Sucrets. #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
High Fever Sierra #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Gonorrhea Girl #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
@midnight #makeamoviesick Michael Bea's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	3
@midnight The Godfather (takes you in, after your parents die of plague)  #MakeAMovieSick	7
@midnight Engorge-ious Basterds  #MakeAMovieSick	3
@midnight #MakeAMovieSick Name of the Rosacea	3
@midnight Tequila Sunstroke #makeamoviesick	3
Cholera Mountain #MakeAMovieSick  @midnight	3
@midnight The Nose Runner  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Alzheimer's #MakeAMovieSick	3
You, Me & Burning Pee #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
#MakeAMovieSick Hedwig and the Angry Itch @midnight	3
Horton Doesn't Hear Anything Because He's Deaf #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	7
UTI Am Legend @midnight #MakeAMovieSick	3
There's Something About Malaria #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Jurassic Parkinson's #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
The Bi Polar Express  #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Crohn's #MakeAMovieSick @midnight	3
Ill Bill @midnight  #MakeAMovieSick	3
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind can suck it. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	1
@midnight Look deep into pussy, and then you will understand everything better.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	1
Read my lips, blow nude asses #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	1
Know what's better than a million bitches? A BILLION bitches @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	1
In space, no one can hear you cream. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight Some are born cocks, some achieve great cocks, and some have great cocks thrust upon them. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight With great Penis comes great responsibility.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight @harikondabolu @marcmaron @JAdomian A dildo in the hand is worth two in the bush #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Life is like a pocket pussy. Fuck it #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	1
Blown to kingdom Cum @midnight #makeaquotedirty	1
@midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty We choose to do these things not because they're easy, but because we're hard and horny.	3
"Ross f&amp;$ked another woman ""WE WERE ON A BREAK!"" @midnight #makeaquotedirty"	1
Four Scores and 7 Inches Ago #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Four whore and seven ludes ago #makeaquotedirty @midnight	3
@midnight wanna see my snake on the mutha f**king plane? #makeaquotedirty	1
E.T. phone hoes #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	1
@midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty  Bon-dage Voyage	3
@midnight We know what we fucked, but know not what we may fuck. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
George Bush was born with a silver dick in his mouth. - Ann Richards #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	2
Two roads diverge, and I took the whore less travelled. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Early to bed (and easy to rise) keeps a man healthy between the thighs. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
No. I am your Daddy. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	1
Lust Conquers All #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Of all the Boners in all the towns in all the world, and she decides to sit on mine. @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
#MakeAQuoteDirty Weren't you a little hard on my beaver last night, Ward? @midnight	1
Be the dick you want to see in the world's butt. - Abraham Lincoln #Makeaquotedirty @midnight	3
"#MakeAQuoteDirty ""My hand on your bird is worth two in my bush."" @midnight"	3
@midnight @hardwick Carpe Deez Nuts #makeaquotedirty	3
Wax on, brown eye off @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
Say hello to my, I swear it's bigger than average, friend #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Enjoy your fucking burrito. #makeaquotedirty @midnight	3
It's as easy as taking virginity from a baby! #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
I promise, Jack, I won't let your dick go. @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	3
#MakeAQuoteDirty masterbation is like a rocking chair...it will give you something to do but will get you nowhere @midnight	3
E.T. bone ho's @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	3
Brazilian wax on, Brazilian wax off #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
You ever wonder when it's time to stop sucking her tits and start licking down there? #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight @hardwick #PointsMe	3
@midnight On such  full semen, are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
"@midnight @hardwick ""the British are c#%ming the British are c#%ming #MakeAQuoteDirty"	3
"@midnight #MakeaQuoteDirty ""Four Whores and Seven Years Ago..."""	3
Oh Oedipus, where art thou Oedipus? #makeaquotedirty @midnight	3
THIS IS A SPARTAN ORGY! @midnight #makeaquotedirty	1
Stop... just stop... you had me at FUCKER! #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight @hardwick #PointsMe	3
A boner in the hand is worth two fingers in the bush. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight I DID have sexual relations with that woman.... #makeaquotedirty #pointsme	5
@midnight if you wrong us shall we not revenge sex?  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight Life is like riding a bitch. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.   #MakeAQuoteDirty	5
Be fruitful and fuck a lot @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
Bondage. James Bondage. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
I wanna be the very best....in bed....@midnight #makeaquotedirty	2
I wanna get chocolate fucked! #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight @hardwick #PointsMe	1
@midnight Don't cry because it's over, cum because it happened.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Don't bite the hand that fingers you @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
@midnight If penis be the food of love, ram on.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	1
Two if by pink one if by stink #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight I pee on dead people  #MakeAQuoteDirty	0
@midnight Have no fear of vagina, you'll never reach it. -Salavator Dali  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall...because nobody's using the glory hole. #makeaquotedirty	7
There's no place like ho's @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	3
@midnight the only thing to fear is that whip and chians your wife brought out that one night. #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
@midnight If you cannot do great cocks, do small cocks in a great way.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
Man who catch STD with his chopstick accomplish anything #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
The only thing that we have to fear is DEEZ NUTZ #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Magic mirror on the wall, who is the most f*ckable of them all? @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty #SnowWhite	3
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, except herpes and kids, that shit follows you. @midnight #makeaquotedirty	7
Avada-fuck-a-kadavar @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
@midnight It's not what you can do for this cuntie, it's what this cuntie can do for you.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight Cunts say the darnedest things  #MakeAQuoteDirty	8
Bondage, James Bondage @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
Only two things are infinite the universe and my libido. I am not sure about the former. @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
Look, Simba. Everything your dick touches is part of our kingdom #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight With mirth and laughter let dick wrinkles come. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
'Tis better to have loved and lost then to never have nutted at all #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow... #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	7
@midnight Give Me Liberty Or Give Me A Rim Job #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
It was bukkake killed the beast. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
It's time to DDDDDICK -Yugi Moto @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
Four whores and seven queers ago @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
@midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty  ask not who your country can screw for you, ask who you can screw for your country	7
One if by land two if by D #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
I have a wet dream #makeaquotedirty @midnight	1
@midnight @harikondabolu @marcmaron @JAdomian Always Be Cumming #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
I'll fuck you, my pretty....and your little dog too.  @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
It taint over till it's over. @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Condoms are a girl's best friend #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
D*cks? We ain't got no d*cks! We don't need no d*cks! I don't have to show you any stinking d*cks! #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight I had a wet dream...  #MakeAQuoteDirty	1
@midnight The important thing is not to stop fuckning.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Nobody can eat 50 eggs but I did see a girl shove 47 up her hoo-haa in Tijuana for a nickle. #makeaquotedirty @midnight	1
That belongs in my rectum. @midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty	1
Better out than in, I never say @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	7
Let my people blow! @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
To boldly boink where no one has boinked before #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight Penis is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
@midnight Show me the cummies!  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
I knew you had it in you! Because of that video in the Internet. Where it was literally all up in you. Highfive? #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	5
You've got a friend DEEP in me @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	3
I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your whole team #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
There is no spooning -The Matrix @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
4 whores and 7 beers ago... #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Fu*k the cheerleader, fu*k the world -Hiro Nakamora @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
@midnight It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in our balls. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I cock.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
#makeaquotedirty I'll get you my pretty, and your tiny dick too. @midnight	3
@midnight If you prick us do we not cum?  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Ring of men around Rosy pockets full of panties @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
I have a very special set of skills...in bed #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	2
@midnight I came I saw I pulled out #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
#MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight   4 whores and 7 beers ago.....	3
@midnight foreskin, and seven years ago... #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
Mama always told me that life is like a bag of dicks @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	7
Good porn in Vietnam @midnight #pointsme #MakeAQuoteDirty	7
I blew on 5 cocks in Arkansas - Ross Perot #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Let's Make America's teenage mothers late again. - Donald Hump #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	7
Those who live by the dildo, die by the dildo @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
#MakeAQuoteDirty A slip of the foot you may recover..a slip of the tongue you may end up in her ass @midnight	7
#MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight TO PEE OR NOT TO PEE that is the question	3
Say hello to my average sized friend, he's AVERAGE OKAY!?@midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
Horny is the Root of all Evil #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	7
That's no moon... that's just my gigantic nuts @midnight @hardwick #MakeAQuoteDirty #PointsMe	3
@midnight Fuck all, trust a few, do wrong to none.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
"@midnight Have the courage to follow your cock &amp; balls. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. -Hand Jobs #MakeAQuoteDirty"	3
@midnight The twat is empty and all the devils are here. #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight Put your boner where your mouth is  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight How far that little penis throws its beams! So shines a good dick in a naughty world.  #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you lay the dame #MakeAQuoteDirty	3
@midnight  #MakeAQuoteDirty Four Whores and Seven Beers Ago...	3
In space, no one can here you queef #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
We're not in Candace anymore. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
If it doesn't fit, you must rub clit.  @midnight #makeaquotedirty	3
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten off. #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeAQuoteDirty Alright, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my money shot.	3
Don't cry over spilt MILF #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
Romeo Romeo, is it in yet Romeo? #MakeAQuoteDirty @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick We Found God In A Hopeful Place #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
Too Much Booty In The Yoga Pants #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
#makeasongwhiter Parents Just Understand @midnight	1
@midnight @hardwick JUMP!... not that far #VanHalen #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
STRAIGHT OUTTA #LAMAZE CLASS #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick I'm so Classy... you already know #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
@midnight @hardwick Mister Christian #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
Republican paradise #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Crusin down the street in my 4x4 #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
These Bros Are Not Loyal #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Pour Some Gluten Free Artificial Sweetner On Me. @midnight #MakeASongWhiter	7
@midnight Golfa's Paradise #MakeASongWhiter	3
@midnight More Cocaine #makeasongwhiter	3
@midnight All Along The Trump Tower #MakeASongWhiter	7
Love the Police- W.W.A.(Wiggers With Attitudes) #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Albino rain #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Unenvisionable Lines #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
@midnight Hello...it's me. I was wondering if after all this time I could speak to your manager. #MakeASongWhiter	7
#MakeASongWhiter Home Inspection - Ice Tea @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Welcome To NOT The Jungle #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
Good Credit Sunshine #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
@midnight  Love the police #MakeASongWhiter	8
Baby You Can Drive My Carpool #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Nothing Compares To Blue's Clues: The Steve Version #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	7
@midnight @hardwick Take All Me (Take On Me/All Of Me) #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	7
@midnight all the small things, but it does the job. #MakeASongWhiter	2
Anything by Stevie Wonderbread #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
From the Windows to the Wine Cupboard #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
Becky with the Starbucks #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Proud Mary Tyler Moore #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	3
Don't Stop Beliebin' #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
All about the Benjamins and any Denomination of Currency .. #Makeasongwhiter @midnight	3
@midnight I wanna dance off beat with somebody #MakeASongWhiter	7
@midnight @hardwick We Are White #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
@midnight When Doves Cry, at Your Wedding?  Worst. Day. Ever. #MakeASongWhiter	8
The First Time Ever I Saw Your Oh So Very Very Very Pale, Pasty Super White Face #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick Just Sane In My Brain #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
@midnight @hardwick Mud On The Leaves #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
walk up to the club like what up I'm on some new meds  #MakeaSongWhiter | @midnight	2
Gluten Free Bird #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
"@midnight @hardwick Eat It, ""It""`s Healthy For You @alyankovic #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe"	7
Heil! Heil! Rock and Roll   @midnight  #MakeASongWhiter #InternetHitler	8
Play That Polka Music, White Boy #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
@midnight Throw your hands up in Heir #MakeASongWhiter	8
"#makeasongwhiter ""When I get this feeling, I need erectile dysfunction tablets..."" @midnight"	7
#MakeASongWhiter @midnight any song by bread	1
@midnight Oppa Rich guy style #MakeASongWhiter	1
Ra ra riot over sports #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
@midnight  Who run the world (us) #MakeASongWhiter	6
@midnight #makeasongwhiter Mo' Money,  Mo Investments	1
Anything by the TED Talking Heads... #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick Happier #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
All in all, Mexico will pay for The Wall. #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	8
#MakeaSongWhiter #ChrisHardwickShadeOfPale @midnight	3
I Still Haven't Found the rhythm I'm Looking For...   #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick WHITE SKIN KING #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	3
#makeasongwhiter Pappa's Got a Brand New Golf Bag @midnight	7
That's Why The Lady Has A Tramp Stamp #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Hit my baby one more time... in the Walmart parking lot  #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Starbucks Style #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
#MakeASongWhiter @midnight 99% problems	8
She thinks my tractor is sexy. Can't get whiter than that. #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick (Story) Informer #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
@midnight #MakeASongWhiter White and White	3
We loved @midnight trending hashtag #MakeASongWhiter this morning. Check out some of our favorites. Do you have one? https://t.co/mnxyi7CJGu	0
@midnight @hardwick Somebody That I Still Know #MakeASongWhiter #PointsMe	1
Kale Break #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
This Land Was Your Land.  #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	8
I Believe I Can Fly First Class #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Kale to the Chief #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Wake me up before U froyo #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
spiritual healing #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Who licked the dogs mouth!!? #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Gin and Cold-Pressed Juice #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	1
Sitting on a yacht in the bay #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	7
Old MacDonald had a farmer's market An-ti-G-M-O  #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	8
Don't Speak....Anything but English #MakeASongWhiter @midnight	8
#MakeBaseballExciting @midnight @nerdist The hitter carries the bat around the bases	3
Players must make it to first, second, and third bases...with a fan. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	2
Put the umpire behind the pitcher instead of behind the catcher @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	3
Force members of losing team to fight to the death ala The Hunger Games. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
#MakeBaseballExciting  Turning on the Bat Signal When Coach wants a Reliever. @Midnight	4
Cats and laser pointers. Look what it has done for the interwebs. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Have Tom Brady play and watch him try to figure out how to deflate baseballs #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	7
"Play all games on real ""grass"", if you know what I mean. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight"	7
The pitcher throws grenades instead of baseball's #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight #PointsMe @nerdist	8
Bruce Springsteen plays a free concert at every game #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	1
If ball hits a player, they get to pic out a stuffed animal prize  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	1
The ball is now a pinyatta  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
1 in 50 balls has a soft nougat filling. 1 in 1000 explode.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
#MakeBaseballExciting  Peregrine Falcons  may catch pop ups @Midnight @EmbryEthan @BrandonJohnsn @eliroth	4
Bats replaced by lightsabers  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
@midnight Have the team's dancers dance in lingerie. #MakeBaseballExciting	4
Crowd vote rather than instant replay #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Water balloon fights @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
@hardwick @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting every strike out calls far a mound charge and ninja fight breaks out.	4
#MakeBaseballExciting @midnight Wives play on Wednesdays	2
Let Wendy Williams pitch one game for the entire league #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	1
If a player gets a golden sombrero, then all players get to give him a golden shower  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Replace the baseball bats with actual bats. #MakeBaseballExciting #pointsme @midnight	4
A sacrifice fly includes a real human sacrifice #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Infield pop-up caught, the batter must remove an article of clothing #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Watch Tommy John Surgery performed LIVE on Jumbo Tron. @Midnight @Hardwick	4
@midnight let the batter keep the bat while running for home #MakeBaseballExciting	4
@midnight #MakeBaseballExciting Do a seance before each game to bring Angels to the Outfield	4
Now featuring Syri the steroid syringe! Like Philly Fanatic but is a filthy fucking cheater. Ruins the game. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
@midnight Make baseballs into Piatas and each team has to collect as much candy as possible #MakeBaseballExciting	4
Tell @mortreport The baseballs were deflated by 2 lbs. Let the hilarity ensue. #MakeBaseballExciting @moooooog35 @midnight	3
Springboards in random bases. Watch players fly of bases unexpectedly. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Moat in the outfield @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Players seek autographs of Fans @Midnight	4
The losing team is given a live execution via lions that were given panda Viagra #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Insert randomly exploding baseballs into the rotation. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
Topless pitchers and bottomless catchers #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
@midnight  #MakeBaseballExciting New official uniform is the MANKINI http://t.co/ycIl7Qep1E	1
"Serve beer in the stands &amp; on the field @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting"	3
#MakeBaseballExciting  Make Congress play and winning team gets to run the country for four years.  @midnight	4
@midnight #MakeBaseballExciting @pileckis Miley Cyrus and a giant foam finger, need I say more?	7
All team uniforms changes to Hooter uniforms  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Jarvis is the announcer @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
"Anytime a run is scored Hardwick shows up on the Jumbotron yells points, every out he yells ""No Points""  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight"	4
Land Mines in Center Field  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
@midnight if the Marlins win the game, all fans in attendance win a Porsche #MakeBaseballExciting	4
#makebaseballexciting @midnight @Hardwick Samuel L Jackson. That is all.	3
Intermission is team mascots fighting til death match  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
For every base ran, all players have to do a shot of liquor  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
If a player strikes out, coach gets soaked in dunk tank  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Base runners have to dodge Indian Jones style temple traps! @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
Lines on field using cocaine  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting @midnight The bases are dug out and the dugout is a mound	4
When a player crosses home plate, he has to kiss the catcher. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Morgan Freeman narrates each players bio #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Kill The Umpire no longer just an expression, but an actual option after a really bad call  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
Have an Andy Dick Day where everyone gets free crack #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Any player fucking a Kardashian, your team starts each game -10 runs.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Tackle the Catcher Tuesdays #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Randomly home plate is replaced with an M18 Claymore  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Put strippers on the foul ball polls in the outfield.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
@pileckis @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting Tom Cruise jumps on Oprah's couch with every home run!	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Peanut-Tossing Vendor Rule Peanut Vendors may Relief Pitch in the 13th-Inning. @Midnight	4
Enrage George Brett With A Pine Tar Bat Night #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Introduce crying. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
Replace ball with shot put #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
7th inning stretch now the 7th inning handjob #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	7
The ball explodes in the pitcher's glove if he holds it for more than 20 seconds #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
Invite @realDonaldTrump to stand behind home plate as Trumpire. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	7
Just let them have their steroids #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	6
Rodeo clowns can tackle any player of their choosing at any time.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Flaming balls #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Hire James Earl Jones to do something. He was in both Field of Dreams AND Sandlot. That must mean something. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Michael Bay is the new commissioner @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
Replace bats with guitars #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Chuck Norris is his own team and instead of a bat he round house kicks every pitch for a grand slam. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Replace Walls with Rows of Corn Stalks and creepy children peering thru said corn. @Midnight @JessicaVerdi	8
@midnight We clone Ty Cobb. Replace all of the players with Ty Cobb. It's fun to type 'Ty Cobb'. #MakeBaseballExciting #TyCobb	4
If a Phillies fan can hit a runner with a beer bottle, he's out. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Move first base back five feet to eliminate close plays #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Make all the bases actual military bases and all the players Team Fortress characters. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Wild animals on the field.  @midnight	8
@midnight whomever win the World Series gets to execute a celebrity of the fans choosing #MakeBaseballExciting	8
Let women play. There are some really talented female baseball players out there. Equality is exciting.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	6
Replace the outfield wall with a parking lot for the players cars @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Watch Handsome Men Beautiful Babes eat Foot-Long Hot Dogs shaped like penises on Big Screen between innings @Midnight	4
Any time you miss the ball in stead of a strike you get struck on the head 3 strikes you out #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
@heyitstva @midnight everyone plays hungover #MakeBaseballExciting	4
All players must be on copious amounts of LSD and the base coaches and umpire  dressed up as demons  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Let the players hit each other #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
Make it illegal for Charlie Sheen to wear glasses while pitching @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
"Merge MLB &amp; WWE: steal home wielding a folding chair. @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting"	3
7th Inning Stretch and Fart #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	1
Cheerleaders ...  from The Crazy Horse #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	1
Quicksand Batter's Box #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting @midnight  A Ball-Cam	4
Combine with rules of hockey and bukkake - fighting is allowed as long as you cum on your opponent's faces. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	7
#MakeBaseballExciting @midnight Coed Naked Baseball - played with balls and a mound	7
@midnight @mlb Baseball is perfect just the way it is.  #MakeBaseballExciting	0
Have that Canadian team give it a try. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Pitchers have to move ball with only their minds  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	7
If a player strikes out he has to eat a pile of dog shit #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight #PointsMe @nerdist	8
@midnight Chicago Cubs win the World Series for the first time in 107 years! #MakeBaseballExciting	7
Outfielders have to catch the ball with their mouths #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight #PointsMe @nerdist	4
More Vuvuzelas! #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight  http://t.co/4R1wrc8AXV	4
Occasionally Home Plate is now an M18 Claymore #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Players have to get to third base with the third baseman #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
@midnight The Baseball Furies get a bye to the World Series #MakeBaseballExciting	1
Replace the catcher with a dunk tank mechanism @midnight #MakeBaseballExciting	4
@midnight #MakeBaseballExciting make steroids mandatory	4
Two words: Nude catchers #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Remember, fans, the 6th inning is Boobytrapped Base inning!"" #MakeBaseballExciting"	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  More live action Kitties Knocking down line-drives on Jumbo-Tron. @Midnight @EmbryEthan @BrandonJohnsn @eliroth	4
Ball Scratch Cam #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Two words. Edward Pitcherhands. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Be smart enough to understand the game @midnight  #MakeBaseballExciting	6
If you bunt, you have to do a walk of shame #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
@Beckster319 @midnight  CUBS SWEEP IN 5 #MakeBaseballExciting	1
@midnight  #MakeBaseballExciting MULTIBALL!	3
Have Siri do all of the game commentary #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight @APPLEOFFIClAL	4
@midnight randomly exploding baseball's.  #MakeBaseballExciting	4
Instead of baseball bats players have katanas and the pitcher throws fruit instead of baseball's #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight @nerdist	4
Seventh inning strip. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
Baseball replaced by beach ball for pitching  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
"Hang Trump like a piata in the bull pen &amp; beat him till candy comes out of his arse #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight #DonaldDingleberryTrump"	8
#MakeBaseballExciting  Players can't retire.  @midnight	8
Player selfies, selfie sticks, and/or the ice bucket challenge. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	3
#MakeBaseballExciting  Three pitches at a time.  @midnight	3
Glitter Bomb baseballs  #MakeBaseballExciting  @midnight	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Every Year, plant a tree in the outfield @Midnight	6
One base and one ball are packed with explosives, set to go off at random intervals.  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Players running bases covered in grease first  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	8
"The Babe Ruth sex tape! ""Play Ball"" #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight"	1
Watch another sport instead. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	6
@midnight #MakeBaseballExciting kiddy pools for bases	4
"Before stealing a base, players must shout, ""Leeroy Jenkins!"" #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight"	1
Make it be football #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	6
Soak the ball in nitroglycerin before each pitch. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Rounding the bases is replaced by a 90's Double Dare obstacle course  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Everyone gets a bat  #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
Replace baseball bats with shotguns and the baseball's for clay pigeons #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight #PointsMe @nerdist	4
#MakeBaseballExciting  Pitchers replaced with Drones firing pitches at 130-mph. @Midnight	4
Instead of bats, swords. #MakeBaseballExciting @midnight	4
@midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil The 666th Republican Primary Debate on @FoxNews	8
How I Met Your Mother -- Last Night #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	1
#MakeTVShowsEvil @TheDailyShow with Craig Kilborn @midnight	1
@midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grade Sociopath	8
The Most Dangerous Newlywed Game @midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil	3
@midnight Who's the Mob Boss? #MakeTVShowsEvil	8
Once Upon a Crime #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
@midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil The Expanse: The Art of Gaping	3
3... 2... 1... Inappropriate Contact! #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
@midnight Law and Order and Death #MakeTVShowsEvil	3
@midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil Fuller House of a 1000 Corpses #tvmeetsmovies	3
Stalin the Family #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	8
The Kids In The Hell #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
Saved By The Beelzebub #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
DuckTales from the Crypt #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
Pee-wee's Prey House #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
Sanford and Son of Sam @midnight #MakeTVShowsEvil	3
#MakeTVShowsEvil  Buried With Children   @midnight	3
Perfect Stranglers #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
Better Call Salieri #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	3
The Unbreakable Kim Jong-un #MakeTVShowsEvil @midnight	8
Dance dance dance #marriageadvicein3words @midnight	1
Obey Lydia, Hardwick! #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight @nerdist	7
Matching Face Tattoos #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #marriageadvicein3words Don't get married	8
#MarriageAdviceIn3Words 1.marryhim 2.ormarryme 3.Imtheonewholuvsyababycantyasee @midnight	1
Delete AshleyMadison.com Account #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight	8
I'm so alone #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight	2
Kill Stranger together. #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight	7
Delete These Tweets @midnight #MarriageAdviceIn3Words	1
Relinquish the sheets #MarriageAdviceIn3Words @midnight	4
@midnight #marriageadvicein3words chrome incognito mode.	7
Location, Location, Location @midnight #MarriageAdviceIn3Words	2
Jagged Little Multivitamin #MomSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight ""All By Myself (Because You Never Stop By Anymore)"" #MomSongs"	8
Lucky we didn't have the internet in my day #MomSongs @midnight	7
#MomSongs @midnight  Someday You Will be Loved, but nobody will love you as much as me	7
Puppy Love I just adore Donny Osmond #MomSongs @midnight	3
Mom In The Mirror @midnight #MomSongs	3
Kokomom #MomSongs @midnight	3
No. I Mean It This Time, NO! #MomSongs @midnight	1
While My Toddler Gently Weeps #MomSongs @midnight	7
Diapers on your mind when you think about me.   #MomSongs #VIEWS @midnight	7
If I ever find out you shot the deputy, young man... #MomSongs @midnight #PointsMe	7
You have to be home Round About Midnight #MomSongs @midnight	1
@midnight Hey Jude, be very afraid. Cos  mom is pretty pissed at you! Ya didn't remember to separate the colours... #MomSongs	1
I Want to Hold Your Hand while we cross this busy road #MomSongs @midnight	1
Four Seasons in One Day so make sure you wear a coat #MomSongs @midnight	1
Momma Said Talk It Out #MomSongs  @midnight	1
Sugar is bad for you #MomSongs @midnight	1
Baby Got Back you are just big boned #MomSongs @midnight	2
Straight Outta the Nursing Home #MomSongs @midnight	7
"@midnight #momsongs ""Garry Marshall Movie on, My Wayward Son"""	1
@midnight  You Got Another Thing Coming, Missy  #MomSongs	7
I got 99 problems and they are all your fault #MomSongs @midnight	7
#MomSongs  Oops You Did It Again! Now, Just You Get Down There and Clean It Up Before I Get Out My Hairbrush!!!  @midnight	7
#MomSongs @midnight  Nearly Lost You at the mall that one time	1
Rock 'n' roll high school reunion @midnight #MomSongs	3
"@midnight #MomSongs ""Mama #5"""	7
@midnight  WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOUR NOT GOING TO COLLEGE  #MomSongs	7
I'll Turn This Car Right-Round Baby Right-Round @midnight #MomSongs	7
Watch me whip, watch me stay stay (home and cook) #MomSongs @nerdist @midnight	2
QVC You Again #MomSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Don't Stand So Close 2 Me (cuz the other kids'll think ur my mom)\ud83d\ude44(which, ok u ARE but... how embarrassing!) #MomSongs @midnight	2
...And Justice For Mom @midnight #MomSongs	3
#MomSongs  I Heard It on the Checkout Lane  @midnight	1
Tell Me Lies again and I will take away your PlayStation #MomSongs @midnight	7
Stairway to your bedroom, you're grounded @midnight #MomSongs	2
Devil with a blue dress AND sandals with socks #MomSongs @midnight	2
Save A Littlw Womb In Your Heart For Me!  #MomSongs @midnight	2
Queer I don't care whatever makes you happy #MomSongs @midnight	2
Crying at soap operas #MomSongs @midnight	2
@midnight And She Bangs... on your door every morning way too early. #MomSongs	2
Money (Can I Have Some?) #MomSongs @midnight	2
@she_nutt @midnight Thanks. But, if you search that tweet, it was done on last years #MomSongs tag. I never search the first midnight tweet.	0
All By Myself now you all have gone to college #MomSongs @midnight	2
Started From the Bottom #MomSongs  @midnight https://t.co/vNlG7J6izF	2
Get Outta My Flowerbed, Get Into the Carseat #MomSongs @midnight	2
my neck my back if you step on the crack break your mothers back #momsongs @midnight	7
Tequila yes please it's been a long day #MomSongs @midnight	2
I Will Survive long enough to see my Grandchildren #MomSongs @midnight	8
Nae Nae Nursing. #MomSongs @midnight @jakeandamir https://t.co/mwvYbeevSS	8
Crazy Little Things Called Kids #MomSongs @midnight	2
#MomSongs  Milfshake  @midnight	2
Open Arms (Are What, Broken? You Couldn't Call Even Once?) #MomSongs @midnight	7
My Baby Boomer's Got Sauce #MomSongs @midnight	7
#MomSongs  I Got 99 Bitches but My Old Lady Ain't One  @midnight	7
#MomSongs @midnight  Wine is on My Side	2
You Send Me (Money) #MomSongs @midnight	2
@midnight I just called to say your dad pooped #MomSongs	2
@midnight It's a Mom's Mom's Mom's World #MomSongs	1
Spanish Minivan #MomSongs @midnight @TheDoors	2
@midnight  Get Up, Stand Up, Your Going To Be Late For The Bus #MomSongs	3
#MomSongs @midnight Let it go, mom's always right	2
Take Me To Church when you pass your driving test #MomSongs @midnight	2
#MomSongs  Killing Mom Softly With My Love (The Melendez Brothers) @midnight	7
Major Tom would make a nice Son-in-law #MomSongs @midnight	2
Momma Gonna Knock You Out (No, Seriously. I'm Not Paying Your Tuition For These Crap Grades) #MomSongs @midnight	7
From the windows To the walls Till all them cobwebs fall To all my scrub scrub scrub  #MomSongs @midnight	7
Say Amazing Grace before we eat #MomSongs @midnight	2
"I Got 99 Problems &amp; Your Dumb Ass Breaking Curfew Shouldn't Be One Of Them #MomSongs @midnight"	7
I wanna fuck you like an animal dad said to mom @midnight #MomSongs	7
#MomSongs  Baby It's Cold Outside, Get Back In Here Before You Catch Your Death of Pneumonia!  @midnight	2
Time After Time I tell you Kids but you never listen #MomSongs @midnight	5
Wrecking Ball I need that to tidy your room #MomSongs @midnight	5
#momsongs Somebody that I used to Grow... by Gotye-rnose @midnight	2
Crashed The Wedding because you are too good for her #MomSongs @midnight	2
Nothing Compares To You apart from your sister #MomSongs @midnight	6
I Took A Hormone Pill In Ibiza #MomSongs @midnight	2
Stupid Girl you should of done your homework #MomSongs @midnight	7
#MomSongs  Papa Told Me Not to Come on Mama  @midnight	8
We will mock you! @midnight #MomSongs	7
Burning Down The House I just left you for five minutes #MomSongs @midnight	7
Hot Flashdance, What a Feeling #MomSongs @midnight	2
@midnight #MomSongs Stacy's Dad	3
Take a Walk on the Safe Side #MomSongs @midnight	1
#MomSongs @midnight  I Guess That's Why They Call it the Booze	2
Once In A Lifetime (I'd Like You To Clean Your Room) #MomSongs @midnight	7
I'm Only Happy When It Rains because you all stay indoors with me #MomSongs @midnight	2
Don't Go Breaking My Bong #MomSongs @midnight	7
Strawberry Folds Your Sweater #MomSongs @midnight	2
Juice Box Hero #MomSongs @midnight	1
Moms Over Baghdad #MomSongs @midnight	2
Casserole Over Beethoven #MomSongs @midnight	1
All The Single Ladies and You Can't Find One Nice Girl To Bring Home #MomSongs @midnight	7
I Kissed a Booboo and I Liked It #MomSongs @midnight	2
I Hope My Kids Didn't Start The Fire @midnight #MomSongs	8
Mo' Money, Mo' Trips to the Outlet Mall #MomSongs @midnight	7
I heard it Through the Landline #MomSongs @midnight	2
Webinar and chill. #MySummerPlans @midnight https://t.co/AWGOGyffdi	2
"Apparently reading ""The Princess Bride"" since listening to Rob Reiner's episode of the @nerdist podcast. Duh. @midnight  #MySummerPlans"	2
Push my friend into the women's restroom. Can't wait to see the look on her face. #mysummerplans @midnight	8
#MySummerPlans are to find out what you did and then remind you that I know what you did this time next year @midnight	1
@midnight #MySummerPlans is dependent on the assumption that I ever go outside. Which I do not.	1
#MySummerPlans ...include avoiding the sun at all cost @midnight #NeedingSPF100	1
BBQ? TBD #MySummerPlans @midnight	1
@midnight #mysummerplans Regret what I wrote in Becky's yearbook...I swear my dick doesn't look like that	2
Stay inside as much as possible. #mysummerplans @midnight	0
Think of things to do, never follow through on them. #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
I have every intention to K.I.T. but I have a horrible feeling I won't follow through. #MySummerPlans @Midnight @hardwick	2
Binge watch ALL the Netflix @midnight #mysummerplans	2
"Live off my parents and keep telling them the reason I'm unemployed is because ""I haven't found my passion yet."" #MySummerPlans @midnight"	2
Teach Stormtroopers how to shoot #MySummerPlans @midnight https://t.co/eJpz3zIBS3	6
Deadpool marathon #MySummerPlans @midnight	5
#mysummerplans @midnight same thing we do every night.  TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD	8
@midnight @MrEmilyHeller @janellejcomic @kurtbraunohler Gain weight to get a bigger tan #mysummerplans	7
@midnight Blink and then it's over #MySummerPlans	1
holding foster kittens #mysummerplans @midnight	1
@midnight Hulu and sleep #mysummerplans	1
I will sweat the small stuff #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
Retake all the classes I failed during the Spring semester @midnight #mysummerplans	2
Anxiously await the birth of my first grandchild!#MySummerPlans @midnight	0
@midnight Binge watch every episode of @midnight  #mysummerplans	1
Sweat my weight away @midnight #mysummerplans	2
Exploring new worlds and having a #Nerdgasm #MySummerPlans @midnight https://t.co/LEoue6EKiE https://t.co/A6ah5ql0zy	2
Gain 50 pounds from inactivity @midnight #mysummerplans	2
"Pay way too much money to sleep ooutdoors &amp; go hippie watching #MySummerPlans @midnight #musicfesitvals"	6
try to get back into my old onesie..... #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
Binge watch the entirety of YouTube #MySummerPlans @midnight	5
@midnight Learn how to make plans #MySummerPlans	5
#MySummerPlans work on my farmers tan @midnight	2
Stay inside with air conditioning @midnight #mysummerplans	2
I saw 'Dawn of Justice' in the Spring, so I won't be doing that. #MySummerPlans @midnight	7
@midnight pooping off the high dive #mysummerplans	7
@midnight #MySummerPlans Your hashtag subject triggered a flood of racy female fanny pics, just as planned.	7
listening to Will Smiths Summertime on constant repeat #MySummerPlans @midnight	1
Find out who shot JR #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
#MySummerPlans ...watching moms silently count down to the first day of school... @midnight	8
Cut through the back wall, slide down the drain pipe, and crawl under the fence.  Shh..someone's coming...@midnight  #mysummerplans	4
Go to garage sales, ask how much for the garage, stand in awkward silence #MySummerPlans @midnight	4
Ruin a wedding with binge drinking #MySummerPlans @midnight	8
Remove my Twitter followers who just forward porn #MySummerPlans @midnight	6
To find Jackie Chan!  #MySummerPlans @midnight @SNLdigest @BTuckertime @TweetBrianBurns https://t.co/UelcJE2TRc	1
#MySummerPlans are to earn POINTS on the court @midnight	3
Creating a hair-net for asteroids ... keeps their hair out of our food-sources when they destroy the biosphere. #MySummerPlans @midnight	6
Waiting for the completion of Trump's transformation into a carrot. (Aka happiest day of my entire life) @midnight #MySummerPlans	7
@midnight Finally win a hashtag war #MySummerPlans	3
go golfing with a Tiger #MySummerPlans @midnight https://t.co/IZfA3g7MLm	4
Crank it to SO much porn @midnight #mysummerplans	2
Try not to break my ankle bones #MySummerPlans @midnight	0
@justreadin @midnight Polo and Khakis instead of pullover and khakis. #MySummerPlans	2
@midnight #MySummerPlans Learn another chord on my ukulele, and share what I learned with all your viewers.	7
Try to plan a trip that all the voices in my head can agree upon..... AHHHHH!  #MySummerPlans #OurSummerPlans @midnight	7
totally not killing that guy #MySummerPlans @midnight	8
@midnight #MySummerPlans Think of more #HashTagWars submissions for last years' #HashTagWars	2
#MySummerPlans to convince mom I can stay up til 12:29 and 59 seconds @midnight	3
"@midnight @MrEmilyHeller @kurtbraunohler ahh like the #MySummerPlans I posted last night... ""Troll Donald Trump."""	8
Wear my tear away swimsuit to the water park #MySummerPlans @midnight	3
Try out that Facebook pyramid scheme that an acquaintance from high school keeps posting about #mysummerplans @midnight	8
Patent an infinity loop Slip-N-Slide that never ends #MySummerPlans @midnight	4
discover the terrible secret of space #MySummerPlans @midnight	3
Get the perfect dadbod #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
Work on my fitness* *Fitness whole pizza in my mouth #MySummerPlans @midnight	7
Vengeance.   #MySummerPlans @midnight	8
Don't visit grandparents at Nudist Camp #MySummerPlans @midnight	2
Celebrate my brand new college degree by getting a part time minimum wage job in retail. #mysummerplans @midnight	6
Spamalot #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Comic Book Newsies #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Kinky Reboots #NerdBroadway @mavissav @midnight	3
The Last Five Years....Alone #NerdBroadway  #PointsMe @midnight	2
#NerdBroadway Guys N' Daleks @midnight	3
Hamiltonne @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight The Sound of the John Williams Orchestra #NerdBroadway	3
Rent-al from Gamefly #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Zoidbergy and Bess #NerdBroadway	3
The Phantom Menace of the Opera @midnight  #NerdBroadway	3
Little Spock of Horrors @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
#NerdBroadway Kinky AntiGravity Boots @midnight	3
Greasy Hair (two-fer!) #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight A Few Good X-Men #NerdBroadway	3
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Facebook #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #Hashtagwars #NerdBroadway #PointsMe Anniekin (Skywalker)	3
Buck Rogers In The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
Phantom Crashes Opera #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
A GenCon Man's Guide to Lore and Murdering NPCs. @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight #PointsMe #NerdBroadway Seven Bytes for Seven Brothers	3
The Sound of Modems @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
Macbeth Pro #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Guys and Collectible Action Figures #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Phantom Menace of the Opera. #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway  StarLord Express	3
The Wikipedia Of Mormon #NerdBroadway @midnight @nerdist @hardwick #pointsme	3
Sunday in the Park With Borgs. #NerdBroadway  @midnight	3
@smileybridge @midnight Spamalot no wait that already works #NerdBroadway	3
Wicked Figurines Dude! #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Avenue QWERTY #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Comic-Con The Roof #NerdBroadway	3
The Seven Year Quiditch #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight The 25th Annual Putnum County Spelling Bee (no changes) #NerdBroadway	7
Ann-E #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Into the woods of Lorien #NerdBroadway #PointsMe @midnight	3
A Chorus Line of Code #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Hello, Dalek! #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
My Science Fair Lady #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #Hashtagwars #NerdBroadway #PointsMe ThunderCATS	3
The Sound of Mechanical Keyboards #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Fapping Neverland #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Sound Barrier of Music #NerdBroadway  @midnight	3
The Diary of Ada Lovelace #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Comic-Con #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@smileybridge @midnight The Wicker #NerdBroadway	3
Cats... videos on YouTube  #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway  Death of a level 9 salesmen	3
Damn Tribbles #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
South Pacific Rim  #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Angel Streetview #NerdBroadway @mavissav @midnight	3
Dreamgirls (that don't even know you exist) #NerdBroadway @midnight	7
How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying...(Google bought my dickpic app for 60 million bucks)  #NerdBroadway  @midnight	3
Chica-Go Speed Racer, Go!  #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
#NerdBroadway @midnight  Moulin Rouge Nation	3
High Elf Society #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight A Star Wars Line #PointsMe #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight #Hashtagwars #NerdBroadway #PointsMe The eBook of Mormon	5
@midnight A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to an Online Forum #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight Grumpy Cat On A Hot Tin Roof #NerdBroadway	3
BrigaDune #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Torch Song Prequel Trilogy #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Miss Cylon #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Little Comic Book Shop of Horrors #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Klingon and I #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Jersey Borgs #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Seven Year Itch (my mom says its eczema) #NerdBroadway  @midnight	2
Steven Jobs Superstar #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Best Little Spicehouse on Arrakis #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Batman of La Mancha #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Lion Klingon #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
A gentleman's guide to the theory of relativity #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Music Man (as a super hero) #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Crazy for YouTube #NerdBroadway @mavissav @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway The Importance of Being @ActuallyNPH	3
@midnight #Hashtagwars #NerdBroadway #PointsMe RENT a costume for comic con	3
Guys and Dells #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Annie Set Your Phaser To Stun #NerdBroadway  @midnight	3
Kiss Me, Kirk #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway Miss Argon	3
August Silicon Valley #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Smokey Joe's Internet Cafe #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Byte Byte Binary #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #Hashtagwars #NerdBroadway #PointsMe The Line King	3
The Sound Of 8-Bit Music #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway Schrodinger:Turn On The Dark and/or Light	3
Spam-email-alot #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Trigadoon #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
It's A Bird ... It's A Plane ... It's Superman #nerdbroadway @midnight	3
#NerdBroadway psEVITA @midnight	3
The (Wiz)ard #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
A Midsummer @midnight's Dream #NerdBroadway	3
Annie Get Your Ray Gun #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Avenue Quark #NerdBroadway	3
Guys and Blowup Dolls #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
ChicaGoBots #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Browsing Chaperone #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
#NerdBroadway @midnight  The Rocky Horror JPEG Show	3
The Best Little Sims House in Texas #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Jesus Christ Superhero #NerdBroadway	3
@ On a Hot Tin Roof #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Dark Side Story @midnight #NerdBroadway #PointsMe	3
"Jedi's &amp; Dolls  #NerdBroadway @midnight"	3
@pileckis #NerdBroadway @midnight Once Upon A MacBook	3
Joseph and the Amazing Technical Support Staff  #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
CosPlay It Again, Sam #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Music Of The @midnight #NerdBroadway @PhantomBway	3
La Cage aux Folles and other Klingon language based musicals #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Grease-y Keyboard #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight One: Singularity Sensation #NerdBroadway	3
Cats memes #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Phantasm 4 of the Opera #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Quest Side Story #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Star War Horse #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Star Fleet #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Our Town is infected with Zombies #NerdBroadway #PointsMe	3
@smileybridge @midnight Seven Earbuds For Seven Brothers #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight Harry Potter: Wizard Barber of Diagon Alley #PointsMe #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight #PointsMe #NerdBroadway 42nd Star Trek Spinoff	3
@midnight Harry Potter and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat #NerdBroadway #PointsMe	3
Annie Get Your Blaster #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@pileckis #NerdBroadway @midnight Pal Joey Graceffa	3
The Phantom of Wakanda #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Guys and Action Figure Dolls #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Funny Girl (as a super hero) #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway 12 Angry Men Using Their Inside Voice	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway  Anniekin	3
"@midnight Glengarry Glen Ross &amp; Rachel #NerdBroadway"	3
1776 A Space Odyssey #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
Fiddler on the Internet #NerdBroadway @mavissav @midnight	3
#NerdBroadway @midnight @RevengeRyo @Shenmue500K_ @yu_suzuki_jp    Wan Chai Story	3
Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Book of Mordor #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight ReNT! (Is Cheaper Than Tickets to Comic-Con) #NerdBroadway	7
Silicon Valley of the Dolls #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Avenue John de Lancie #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Annie Get Your Phaser #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Barefoot in the LARP #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Wild LAN Party #NerdBroadway  @midnight	3
John Oliver! @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Quitting EverQuest #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
How to Succeed In Celibacy While Really Trying Not To. #NerdBroadway @midnight	7
The Music Man Of Steel #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway Guys and Blow Up Dolls	3
@midnight Avenue Q-bert #PointsMe  #NerdBroadway	3
Annie Get Your Gorn #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The TI-84 Adding Machine #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Star Wars Episode IV: A new Hairspray #NerdBroadway @midnight #PointsMe	3
Kiss me Calrissian @midnight #NerdBroadway	3
The King and iPad #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight #NerdBroadway The Lion King Takes Rook CHECK!!	3
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to 4chan #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
The Wizard of Azaroth #nerdbroadway @midnight	3
Episode 1: Phantom of the opera menace #NerdBroadway #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Riddler On the Roof #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight Next To Normal Type Pokemon #NerdBroadway	3
@midnight #PointsMe #NerdBroadway A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Mom's Basement	3
Can't pay my Rent so I'm Movin' Out of my Momma Mia's house and going to Oklahoma! #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Wooked #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
Womp Cats #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@midnight Caba X-Ray Vision #NerdBroadway	3
Catz #NerdBroadway @midnight	3
@Midnight #NerdBroadway Little Shop of Mordor's. Featuring the hit songs 'Suddenly Sauron' 'Feed Saruman' '(Son, be a) Precious'.	3
Schrdinger's Cats @midnight  #NerdBroadway	3
Birthers prove that Sam the Eagle is actually a Canadian hawk. #themuppets  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	7
Fozzie bear gets possessed by Sam Kinison #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	4
Bunsen Honeydew turns to crime, making and selling meth to pay for Beaker's sex change  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	7
Rowlf is now dating Taylor Swift @midnight #NewMuppetPlotlines	4
Statler and Waldorf learn about Yelp. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	2
@midnight @nerdist Unfortunately, @serenawilliams mistakes Dr. Bunsen Honeydew for a talking tennis ball... #NewMuppetPlotlines	8
Fozzie manscapes with awkward results  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	2
Gonzo's nose lands him a Cialis commercial. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight @nerdist	7
Fozzie's Old Tweets Come Back To Haunt Him #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	7
#NewMuppetPlotlines they all realize they have been really secretly filming fisting porn @midnight	2
Kermit goes to jail for murder after catching Ms. Piggy getting puppeteered by a black guy #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
Statler and Waldorf finally get married @midnight #NewMuppetPlotlines	2
#NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight the count has to learn common core mathematics	8
@dumbassgenius @tizzy_tonya @midnight Miss Piggy has a less than respectable encounter with David Cameron #NewMuppetPlotlines #piggate	6
Rizzo the Rat, has decided to transition to being a mouse #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Sam the Eagle does not approve of the Iran deal #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Fozzie bear is discovered to really be Donald trump  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Miss Piggy becomes Mr. Pig #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight #pointsme	6
Rizzo the Rat goes on a search for pizza in New York. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	1
Miss Piggy hires Animal to off Kermit #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
Rowlf the dog has to convince everyone that the piano has been drinking, not him. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
Michael Vick kidnaps Rowlf and forces him to fight other muppet dogs. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
"Kermit demonstrates why ""it's not easy being green"" when he changes into The Hulk. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight"	4
The Muppet Babies are asked to stay late at a Catholic Church  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	2
Sam Eagle won't back a bear President #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Miss piggy reconciles with Kermit, has a little frog in her throat #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	7
Crazy Harry is held indefinitely by airport security. @midnight #NewMuppetPlotlines	6
#NewMuppetPlotlines How to fight the swine flu. With your host, Miss Piggy. Kermit instructs the proper way to put on a condom. @midnight	5
#NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight Statler and Waldorf are finally allowed to get married in a moving ceremony.	1
Erie shows Bert what his rubber ducky is really used for in the bath tub...  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
#NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight Swedish Chef becomes spokesperson for Rosetta Stone.	4
The Count looses control of himself at 69....  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
Rowlf has broken up with Taylor Swift #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	4
Miss Piggy picks her scabs, gives Kermit some sweet and sour pork... #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	4
Turns out Fozzy roofies the hens #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	7
Miss Piggy runs away with Gonzo, the chickens plot revenge!  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight #pointsme	2
@midnight Miss Piggy meets the British Prime Minister #NewMuppetPlotlines	1
#NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight Inspired by British media headlines, Kermit decides to join the Bullingdon Club...	7
#NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight Beaker experiments with steroids. He packs on the muscle but his voice vanishes out of hearing.	7
#NewMuppetPlotlines animal is the latest to join the Republican party @midnight	8
Class action lawsuit due to all the hands up their butts. #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
Two girls one Beaker #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	1
Statler and Waldorf get married. Works blames Obama.  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Taylor Swift has written a song about a bad relationship, we believe it is about Rowlf. No comment from Rowlf #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	6
Miss Piggy starts dating David Cameron #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	4
"@midnight @nerdist The count finally gets to &lt;bleep&gt; uncensored! #newmuppetplotlines"	1
The Swedish Chef is diagnosed with cancer and switches to cooking meth to pay the bills. #Heisenborg #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	2
@midnight @nerdist Gonzo gets deported to Mexico b/c Prez Trump believes him to be an illegal alien of Latino heritage #NewMuppetPlotlines	6
Slowly they realize they don't have legs  #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	8
"@midnight @nerdist In an @Wendys-sponsored parody episode, Swedish Chef hunts down Miss Piggy as ""The Baconator""... #NewMuppetPlotlines"	4
Miss Piggy had a nip slip at the Emmys! #NewMuppetPlotlines @midnight	1
The Detroit Default @midnight #NewNFLteams	1
@midnight The Louisiana hurricanes  #NewNFLTeams	7
The Tampa Bay Johnny Depps #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Punxsutawney Pedophiles #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
@midnight  The San Francisco Chardonnays #NewNFLTeams	3
The ISIL Suicide Bombers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
@midnight The Boston Baby Whales or Something #NewNFLTeams	3
The Endor Ewoks vs Naboo Gungans to win the Ruin a movie series Bowl.@midnight #newnflteams	7
The 2016 GOP Presidential Candidates #NewNFLTeams @midnight I don't think they're any good.	8
The Las Angeles Tasers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The NY Might Be Giants #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
New England Sissies  Indianapolis Dolts/.500s  Denver My Little Ponies/Bronies  New York Pests/Jest  New York Vaginas #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	7
The Hypocrite Anti-Gay Clerks of Kentucky #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
@midnight #NewNFLTeams the Colorado uhh...were we supposed to be somewhere? I'm still hot boxing my closet	7
Kansas City Guillotines #NewNFLTeams @midnight http://t.co/P8zl1KmXph	7
@midnight The Pittsburgh Platters #NewNFLTeams	3
#NewNFLTeams   The San Andreas Faults  @midnight	3
@midnight The Alderaan Bombers #NewNFLTeams	3
The Seattle Freeze #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The California Can Anyone Spare Some Rain #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
@midnight The Washington Raging Boeners #NewNFLTeams	3
The Las Vegas Crabs @midnight #NewNFLteams	3
the salem witch hunters @midnight   #NewNFLTeams	3
the detroit survivalists #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Eureka Decadents #NewNFLTeams @midnight http://t.co/22tNYEUEOo	3
Reno Ribaldries #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
@midnight Kentucky County Clerks #NewNFLTeams	3
The Las Vegas Elvis Impersonators #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
@midnight #NewNFLTeams The DC Clinton Scandals	8
The New England Somehow Already Wons  #NewNFLTeams   @midnight	7
@midnight  The Florida Men #NewNFLTeams	3
west virginia cuzins #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The Chicago Drive-Bys #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
New England Cheaters #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Miami Unsolved Murders Of Women Who Were On Spring Break #NewNFLTeams @midnight	2
Buffalo Buffaloes  #NewNFLTeams @midnight	1
@midnight #NewNFLTeams Charleston church blasters	3
The Mexican Drug Lords of Dallas #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Retweeted Godzilla (@GodzillaSays):  The Mountainstate Diablo Jrs. #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
@midnight The Fargo Frostbites #NewNFLTeams	3
The Seattle starbucks #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Cleveland Browns #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The London Sissy-Nannies #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Atlanta Failed Conmen  Tampa Bay Stuccaneers  New Orleans Paints  Jacksonville Saguars/Bratwursts  Carolina Canteens  #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	3
#NewNFLTeams DC Douchebags @midnight	7
The Boston You Callin Me Gay? #NewNFLTeams @midnight	2
Baltimore Rasins  San Diego Dischargers  Oakland Fraiders/Faders #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	7
The Dallas Cow Pies @midnight #newNFLteams Seattle Semen	3
The San Diego Wallbuilders (stadium actually in Tijuana) @midnight #NewNFLTeams	8
Portland Pooch Pumpers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The San Francisco Coolies @midnight #NewNFLteams	3
The Denver like whoa man don't we have a team, I don't know but I have some mad munchies right now @midnight #NewNFLteams	7
The Atlanta Fighting Pit Bulls #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
#NewNFLTeams The Denver Dispensaries   @midnight	3
Washington DC Interns #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The San Francisco Organic Artisanal Farmers Markets #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Ft. Lauderdale Flakkaneers @midnight #NewNFLteams	7
The Detroit, Hey At Least We Have  A Teams #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	7
The hipster problem #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
@midnight  the new mexican rapists #NewNFLTeams	8
The Miami Bath Salt Zombies #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Pittsburgh Rapists #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The Atlanta Has It Been Long Enough That Everyone Forgot About The Dog Fighting Incidents #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Retweeted TRACI SMITH (@TraciShay):  Philadelphia Sheagles #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Tacoma Hipsters  #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	1
@midnight The LA Uber Drivers #NewNFLTeams	1
The New York I'm Walin' Here! #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Salt Lake City Seer Stones #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The New Jersey Chris Chisties #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
#NewNFLTeams The Arrakis Worms. @midnight	3
The South Carolina Confederates #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
Saint Louis Lambs  Detroit Lyin' Cryin's  Cryani Dullphins  Pittsburgh Squealers  Jokeland Faders  Buffalo Jills  #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	3
The Tennessee Turd Burglars #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Tampa Bay Strippers @midnight #NewNFLteams	7
Denver Recalcitrant Dripping Mutant Armadilloes #NewNFLTeams @midnight	4
#NewNFLTeams  The Las Vegas  Broken Dreams    @midnight	8
"The North Dakota ""No the other Dakotas"" #NewNFLTeams @midnight"	7
The Orlando Octogenerians.  #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Catholic Ticklers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Green Bay Pickles/Slackers/Bushwhackers  Minnesota Visines  Houston Vexans  Baltimoron Ravens  Kansas City Cheats  #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	7
@midnight the Massachusetts mass of jew shits #NewNFLTeams	8
@midnight The Rocky Mountain Brokebacks #NewNFLTeams	8
The San Diego Los Angeles Wannabe Somethings  #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
THE GOLDEN STATE GOLDEN SHOWERS #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	7
the baltimore freebasers @midnight  #NewNFLTeams	7
The New Orleans Levees #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
"The Baltimore ""Not-Guilties""   ;)  #NewNFLTeams  @midnight"	7
@midnight #NewNFLTeams  Cleveland Steamers	3
@midnight #NewNFLTeams Philadelphia Dog Catchers	7
The Cedar Rapids Smells #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
#NewNFLTeams The Chesapeake Rippers.  @midnight	7
The Gainsville Florida Mans #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Mission Morose Monsters #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Darwin Selfies #newnflteams @midnight	1
Salt Lake City Sister Wives #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	8
@midnight The Connecticut Suburbanites #NewNFLTeams	1
@midnight #NewNFLTeams  The Idaho Potatoes	7
The California Wild Fires #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Buffalo Jizz  Cincinnati Bungles/Jumbles/Fumbles  Chicago Hairs  Tennessee Titanus Shots  Seattle Seachalks  #NewNFLTeams @Midnight	3
the gotham riddlers @midnight  #NewNFLTeams	3
Los Angeles Douchebags #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Puerto Rico Bankruptcy @midnight #NewNFLteams	8
@midnight #NewNFLTeams The NY Trumpster Fires	8
Kentucky County Clerks Who Refuse To Issue Marriage Licenses #NewNFLTeams.@midnight	8
The Philadelphia Search and Seizures #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Tacoma Stinks #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
San Francisco Haighters  #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Hoboken damn dirty hipsters #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Retweeted Godzilla (@GodzillaSays):  The Skaro Exterminators #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Tampa Bay Florida Man #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
New York Hookers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Arkansas Kissing Cousins #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Pyongyang Hollow Threats #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
#NewNFLTeams The Amity Island Jaws: Our team'll swallow you whole. @midnight	7
The LA Kardashians @midnight #NewNFLTeams	7
The Alaskan Tauntauns #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Detroit Vacant Buildings #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Ray Rice Knockouts #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Retweeted Godzilla (@GodzillaSays):  The Florida WTFs #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Washington Crackers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Washington racists @midnight #NewNFLTeams	8
@midnight #NewNFLTeams The Boston Binge Drinkers	7
@midnight The Indiana Homophobes #NewNFLTeams	8
The Colorado Edibles #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
Oklahoma City Premies #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Alaskan Why Did Anyone Thinking Playing Football Here Was A Good Idea #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
San Diego iPhone Chargers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
#NewNFLTeams @midnight New England Champions	3
the seattle George Washington's @midnight  #NewNFLTeams	3
The Iowa Meth Mouths #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Miami FloridaMan #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Denver Foreheads  #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	7
The Cincinnati Homeless #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
@midnight The West Baptist Intolerants #NewNFLTeams	8
North Dakota Retards #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The flaccid Bradys #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Boston Terriers  @midnight  #NewNFLTeams	1
The Duggar Child Molesters #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
Dallas Cowturds Washington (DC) Foreskins  San Francisco Forty-Whiners/$4.99ers  Arizona Turdinals  Cleveland Clowns  #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Chicago Corrupt Politicians #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
indiana gay bashers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
TheNewYork FuckOuttaHeaas #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Washington Do Nothing Congress #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The New Orleans Drunk Tattoo Regrets @midnight #NewNFLTeams	3
The Ferguson Riots @midnight #NewNFLTeams	3
The St. Louis C.K.s #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
@midnight the Minnesota F**k you Wisconsin's! #NewNFLTeams	7
@midnight the Los Angeles Kardashian exes #NewNFLTeams	7
The Lexington Lexicons #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Boise SkinHeads #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
Houston Rednecks #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
Santa Fe spirit Guides #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Tennessee Deez Nuts #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
The Austin F^ckin' Weirdoes #NewNFLTeams @midnight	7
@midnight #NewNFLTeams The LA Car-Dash-ians	1
Portland Razor Trouts #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Scientology Lawyers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
The New York Traumatic Brain Injuries  #NewNFLTeams  @midnight	8
#newnflteams @midnight #pointsme San Francisco 69ers	7
Waterfront HammerHeads #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
The Brooklyn Settlers #NewNFLTeams @midnight	3
Miami mentally Challenged #NewNFLTeams @midnight	8
@midnight The Chicago Dead Voters #NewNFLTeams	7
@Midnight Hawking Radiation found to only be alien farts #NewSpaceFacts	4
The planet earth is bi-polar #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight Jupiter is really the eye of the beholder #NewSpaceFacts	4
"Trying to outdo cell phone texting, the National Keyboard Association remodels the space bar, making it 1"" long.  #NewSpaceFacts   @midnight"	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Black Holes Matter	3
Even the universe is anti Trump #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	8
#NewSpaceFacts multiverse proven and alternate reality @midnight chooses by merit 	3
In a galaxy far away there's an alien @Tsoukalos with wild wild hair on a show called Ancient Humans going HUMANS!! #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Science declares Neptune a nonplanet! Public outrage ensues until people realize they don't use science anyway! #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
There isn't enough of it. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight @nerdist	1
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Jupiters red spot is actually a planet destroying laser.	4
#NewSpaceFacts @midnight Cheese causes extra constellation.	4
@midnight Black holes are filled with all of the world's lost socks. #NewSpaceFacts	4
Terran tastes awful  #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts It's not the Little Dipper, it's just cold.	7
@midnight The Force is real....and it's SPECTACULAR!  #NewSpaceFacts	7
In space, no one can see your meme. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	3
The Crab Nebula is actually part of the much larger Pube Nebula, and is not the only one of its kind. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	2
@midnight Uranus is actually Rush Limbaugh's anus...and face..#NewSpaceFacts	8
They say it helps with walking and running?.... #NewsPaceFacts @midnight @nerdist	7
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts  Space is just a modern art mural.	4
On Jupiter, Donald Trump is 317.828 times more racist than on Earth #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
"Woman visits black hole, lets density spaghettify her to 1D strand, fits into ""thin jeans."" #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/d35E9cqB2j"	4
"@midnight #NewSpaceFacts intelligent life found on Mars! When asked about why they kept secret, aliens replied""We're just not that into you"""	4
Tattooine like planet discovered, just as boring also #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	3
The world actually does revolve around you #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
Law of gravity more of a wink-and-a-nod of gravity. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
According to Stephen Hawking Planet Vulcan is actually 8 light years away, not 16.  #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight the rings of Saturn are just a bunch of gummy worms #NewSpaceFacts	4
There's a new category for pairs of rocky bodies that orbit the sun: titeroids #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Girl visits black hole, wh spaghettifies her to a 1D strand--just in time for bikini season! #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/4LDwemXVas	1
The moon is made of cheese and the man on it is #LactoseIntolerant #NewSpaceFacts @midnight @nerdist	4
Moon IS made of green cheese. #SuperBloodMoon was the Gods offering it in #PumpkinSpice!  #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/aTuZN7d55c	4
Police keep shooting and killing dark matter. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	8
Saturn has been trying to build a wall against Pluto for years #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@ABCNetwork has already started working on a Martian Water Rights show that will be released next Spring. @midnight #NewSpaceFacts	4
@midnight a new Christian planet has been discovered with a Promise Ring system #NewSpaceFacts	4
Neptune, King Of The Sea, actually lives on Neptune #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
"#NewSpaceFacts @midnight  Panspermia proves that ""God"" is male."	4
@midnight Earth is an alien's game of Minecraft with some really great mods.  #NewSpaceFacts	4
No one can hear space scream in Chuck Norris. @midnight #NewSpaceFacts	7
Traveling at warp speed gives you dad bod. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Having sex with an alien doesn't count unless you fondle all 3 of her breasts and put it in both of her vaginas #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Orion's belt is made of real leather #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Shooting stars are just aliens who forgot their anniversaries and have to beat closing time at the florist.   #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight Pluto is really just a dragons egg waiting to hatch #NewSpaceFacts	4
Turns out there's a lot of it between your moms ears. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight @nerdist	7
If you launch Donald Trump into space he's still an asshole turns out  #worth it #NewSpaceFacts @midnight #DonaldDingleberryTrump	7
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Chris Hansen is currently touring the universe trying to catch more 'Predators'	4
Kim Kardashian's ass can be seen from space. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/jX5bEfl84Y	7
@midnight Nebulae are actually star jizz. #NewSpaceFacts	4
@midnight #newspacefacts Buzz Aldren dry humped a moon crater.	7
Space Invaders and Star Wars were based on true events. Star Trek is an exaggeration of the truth. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Black Holes are actually ancient Kardashians	7
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts everything really does revolve around the earth but everyone was sick of her stuck up bullsh*t.	7
Speed of light is the same as the speed of dark #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@RHorchy @midnight #NewSpaceFacts  Your're more stupider and wronger, it's not Jupiter it's the other!	7
Spacesplaining is gonna get Earth trolled by Aliens. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
Instead of looking so far outwards have we tried looking below the planet? That's probably where the aliens are #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
All of space is an illusion because Jesus, The Bible, and God. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
The Milky Way is the Universe's Florida #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
#NewSpaceFacts @midnight Our solar system is itself an atom in some very massive matter,which composes a Galactic Cat http://t.co/mWuI6xYQdP	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Many stars have planets that _would_ be capable of supporting life if they'd just get a goddamn job.	7
The crab nebula contains imitation crab. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Neil deGrasse Tyson believes black holes exist, while Einstein wrote an article in 1939 proving they cannot exist.	7
#NewSpaceFacts The Kuiper Belt is known throughout the Milky Way as a Fashion Faux Pas, soon to be replaced by Gravity Suspenders. @midnight	4
#NewSpaceFacts  Tardigrades actually evolved on Venus and are the oldest complex life form in this solar system. @midnight @neiltyson	4
Gallifrey still not found #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	1
#NewSpaceFacts @midnight  Between Interstellar and The Martian, America has spent quite alot of money retrieving Matt Damon from space	4
"@heyitstva @midnight Hm, if it's ""joining the mile-high club"" in a plane, what's it called in a space shuttle? #NewSpaceFacts"	7
"Predominance of dark matter &amp; dark energy proves pessimists &amp; cynics got it right. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/McXbocGBov"	8
80s band #AFlockOfSeagulls actually aliens fr exoplanet Gliese 581d, 20.5M light years away. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight http://t.co/WfkUdbMdHr	7
@midnight  #NewSpaceFacts  new galaxy discovered turns out to be Kanye Wests Ego	7
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts You can breath in space,but every ones to scared to do it.	4
#NewSpaceFacts @midnight Space is not as big as everyone thinks - it's just a bunch of mirrors facing each other.	4
@zedlacher @midnight You want more of that, just watch @TheEllenShow. :D  #NewSpaceFacts	8
All aliens carry guns #NewSpaceFacts @midnight #frommycolddead3fingers	4
W/new ftl drive, straight men colonize beyond solar system! (Gays never got past Uranus. They had a bum drive.) #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
Speed of light not fast enough to escape gravity of Trump's ego. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	8
Uranus is 4 times bigger than the Earth, but if it worked at it, it could be tighter. #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts Every space movie since Armageddon, was filmed in space. Shhh... Dont tell NASA we know they work w/Hollywood	4
@midnight #NewSpaceFacts The gases outside our atmosphere get you really stoned. NASA won't let people breath it, then drive shuttle	4
Turns out, we are alone. Forever alone. #NewSpaceFacts  @midnight	8
No one can hear you vape in space #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	1
My closet doesn't have enough of it #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
@Joelenbach @midnight  #NewSpaceFacts Martian era is on, rejoice!	4
#NewSpaceFacts @midnight Ziggy sez the salty water on Mars is from spiders!!	4
Episode VII is 72 days away. @midnight #NewSpaceFacts	4
Your mom ate Uranus #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	7
The Universe has been found to actually rotate around the enormous size of Donald Trump's ego!  #NewSpaceFacts #NewsPaceFacts @midnight	7
#NewSpaceFacts FanDuel lets you bid on your favorite star to see which can form the largest black hole @midnight	4
Twins don't exist, it's just one baby caught in a time paradox #NewSpaceFacts @midnight	4
Leave it in there Beaver #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight  #NSFWShows American Whoror Story	3
Grimmjob #NSFWShows @midnight	3
MTV's Chode Rules #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight F*ck My True Life (unedited for tv) #NSFWShows	3
Desperate and Horny Housewives @midnight #NSFWShows	3
Prison Sex Break #NSFWShows @midnight	3
It's Always Horny in Philadelphia @midnight #NSFWShows	3
Hookers of S.H.I.E.L.D. #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Into The Buttlands #NSFWshows @midnight	3
Hill Street Blue Balls #NSFWShows @midnight	3
'O' Face the Nation #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Family Ties Each Other Up #NSFWShows @midnight	7
MILF BUSTERS  @midnight #NSFWShows	3
The Goldenshower Girls #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Punky Blumpkin #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight #nsfwshows Touched By An Angel	3
The Rock-Hard Files #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Friends: with benefits #nsfwshows @midnight	3
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Revenge #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Growing Penis #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Kate sucks 8 #NSFWShows @midnight	3
"Facef*&amp;k the Nation #NSFWShows @midnight"	8
@midnight #NSFWShows Everybody Fluffs Raymond	3
How To Get Away With Anal #NSFWshows @midnight	3
Sherc*ck #NSFWshows @midnight	3
(I Drowned) All My Children #NSFWShows @midnight	8
Who wants to bang a millionaire?  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
How I Gaped Your Mother #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Viagra Presents: Deadwood #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Transwhoremers #NSFWShows	3
The RockHard Files #NSFWShows @midnight	3
#NSFWShows @midnight Mike in Mike on Molly	3
@midnight Girl Meets World Wide Web #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Hannah Does Montana #NSFWShows	3
The Cosby Show....@midnight #NSFWShows	6
It's Always Slutty in Philadelphia @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@MattMira @midnight Naked Becker #NSFWShows	3
@midnight #NSFWShows Jerry Sandusky's 12 Kids and Counting	3
Adam, 12 Inches #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Everyone Laid Chris  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Saturday Night Live Streaming Webcams featuring Suicide Girls #NSFWShows	8
@midnight Twins' peaks #NSFWshows	3
Press Your Cock  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Grindr @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Bananas in Lingerie #NSFWShows	3
Property Brazzers @midnight  #NSFWShows	3
The Snuff Films of Richard Scarry #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Downtown on Abbey @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Everybody Fucks Ray #nsfwshows	3
Clifford w/the Big Red Dick @midnight #NSFWShows	3
#NSFWShows @midnight Douched By An Angel	3
The Big GangBang Theory  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Deep Inside Amy Schumer @midnight #NSFWShows @amyschumer	3
@midnight #nsfwshows the west wang	3
Tosh.0 Face @midnight #NSFWShows	3
Halt and Catch Herpes @midnight #NSFWShows	3
Supergirl One Cup #NSFWshows @midnight	3
My Two Daddies  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Orgy is the new black"" #NSFWShows"	3
Nude Girl #NSFWshows @midnight	3
The Skin Magicians  #NSFWShows @midnight	7
MasterBates Motel #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight #NSFWShows The Six Million Dollar Rent Boy	7
#NSFWShows @midnight Leave It In, Beaver	3
@midnight Scat Midnight #NSFWShows	3
F*cks and Friends  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Comedy Finger Bang! Bang! @midnight #NSFWShows	7
BlindG-Spot #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight  #NSFWShows American Creampie	3
Gash Cab #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Adam Poons Everything  #NSFWShows @midnight @adamconover	3
Blow Up Dollhouse @midnight  #NSFWShows	7
Poonlighting #NSFWShows @midnight	3
#NSFWShows @midnight Shart Tank	3
2 Broken Girls #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight  #NSFWShows Super-deep throat-Girl #momit'sjustashow	3
The Gang Bang Theory #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Barely Legal Teen Wolf @midnight #NSFWShows	7
Breaking Bones #NSFWShows @midnight	7
Dawson's Shriek #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Happy Ending Days #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Judge Stoya #NSFWShows	3
3rd Cock From The Bun #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Charles in Chachi #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Family Freud #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Scorpion Bestiality #NSFWShows	8
Married to Children  #NSFWShows @midnight	8
Beavis In Butthead #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Anal-Team #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Trailer Park Sex Toys #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Chode Black #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Better Maul Saul #NSFWShows @midnight	7
BJ'ing the Bear #NSFWShows @midnight https://t.co/fZWOXjjYm9	3
#NSFWShows @midnight Glove It Or Fist It	3
Miami Anal Vice #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Simpsins #NSFWShows @midnight	7
Laverne and Shirtless #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Hawaii Five-O Face #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Doctor Hoe #NSFWshows @midnight	3
The Blacks' List #NSFWShows @midnight	8
UnFuckable @midnight #NSFWShows	3
Miles Longmire #NSFWShows @midnight @mileslong4real	3
The Carbaboner Effect  #NSFWShows @midnight @M_Carbonaro	3
The $25,000 Eiffel Tower #NSFWShows @midnight	3
#NSFWShows @midnight Hot In Cleavage	3
Gaywatch #NSFWShows @midnight	3
New GirlsDoPorn #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Anal Sex in the City  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The OriFFICE @midnight #NSFWShows	3
How I Killed Your Mother #NSFWShows @midnight	8
Hollywood Sex Game Night  #NSFWshows @midnight	3
@midnight #NSFWshows Cock McStuffins	3
Filling Grace @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Third Cock in my Son #NSFWShows	3
American Whore Story: ASSyluim/Hourly Rate Hotel #NSFWShows @midnight	3
One Lay At A Time #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight The 6 Million Dollar Manwhore #NSFWShows	3
Balls in the Family  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
#NSFWShows The Flash-er @midnight	3
Super Safeword  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Going Downton Abbey #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Revenge Porn #NSFWshows @midnight	7
@midnight Growing Pains: Self-Treating Peyronie's Disease with Pure Thoughts #NSFWShows https://t.co/J5yW1JHine	3
The A-nal Team @midnight #NSFWShows	3
8 Simple Rules for Bedding my Teenage Daughter @midnight #NSFWShows	3
#NSFWShows @midnight The Anal (on CW following The Flasher)	3
Lemon Party Down #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Dawson's Crack #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Max's Head Room @midnight #NSFWShows	3
"@midnight ""AtM Midnight"" #NSFWshows"	3
Poon Tang Theory #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Cosby Show #NSFWShows @midnight	6
Murphy Brown-eye   #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Spongebob NoPants @midnight #nsfwshows	3
@midnight Blackcyst Removal #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Friends. With Benefits. #NSFWShows	3
All In The Butthole #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Fuck My True Life #NSFWShows	3
Manshee #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Doctor Whore #NSFWShows @midnight	3
You Have A Heroin Problem, Charlie Brown #NSFWShows @midnight	7
(Safe word) Sesame Street  @midnight #NSFWShows	3
9021Hoe #NSFWshows @midnight	3
CSI: Cybersex #NSFWShows @midnight	3
7in (of) Heaven @midnight #Nsfwshows	3
The Leftovers aka The Sloppy Seconds #NSFWShows @midnight	3
American Whore Story @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@midnight #NSFWShows How to Get a Lay with Murder	3
"#NSFWShows @midnight Laverne &amp; Shirley...One Cup"	3
Wheel Of Foreskin #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Fappy Days #NSFWShows @midnight	3
Father Knows Breasts #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Adventures of Pete in Pete #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight Ash vs. Evil Head #NSFWShows	3
Lemon Party of Five #NSFWShows @midnight	3
BJ From The Bear #NSFWShows @midnight	3
The Orifice  #NSFWShows @midnight	3
@midnight #NSFWShows Porkin' Mindy	3
Inspect Her Gadget @midnight #NSFWShows	3
@midnight Prawn Sea Reilly #OceanCelebs	3
Salmon L. Jackson #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#oceancelebs @midnight  Spongebobby Deniro	3
Stingie Ray Vaughan #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#oceancelebs @midnight  SKate Upton	3
Winona Wave Ryder  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Jessica Albacore #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Lance SeaBass  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Shark Wahlberg #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Kelpsey grammar #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Mark Narwhalburg. @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Betta Midler @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
#oceancelebs @midnight Manta Ray Romano	3
#OceanCelebs... Scuba Gooding Jr... @midnight	3
SeaQuestlove #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Tom Cruise ship #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Rae Prawn Chong #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Sharkira   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Minnie Pearldiver #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
"Red Scallop (of the seagulls Gertrude &amp; Heathcliff fame)  #OceanCelebs @midnight"	3
Fin-nard Nim-oyster  @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Vince Gill #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs Barbara Whaleters	3
Maury Eel @midnight  #OceanCelebs	3
Lordefish @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Aimee Mannatee #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Eel Gaiman #OceanCelebs	3
Coral Hershiser #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Jackie Pearl Haley #OceanCelebs	3
Whitney Chummings #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Fluke Wilson #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
ASea/DSea  @midnight  #OceanCelebs	3
Blu-Tang Clan #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Buoyanc Knowles   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs sting ray	3
Natalie Wood, is that too twisted? @hardwick #OceanCelebs @midnight http://t.co/H2KneqefOl	3
Ben AfFluke  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Sandra Pollock #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Steve coral #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Theodore Sturgeon. #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Injun Joe Ocean  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
"Walrus White from ""Breaking Waves""  #OceanCelebs @midnight"	3
Chumming Tatum #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight Rachel Manta Ray	3
@midnight Marlin Brando #OceanCelebs	3
Atlantis Morissette  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
SpongeBob Saget  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Chris Harborwick #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Gill-Bert Gottfried #OceanCelebs @midnight @RealGilbert	3
Robert Plankton   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Lara fin Boyle #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
DriftWoody Harrelson  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs Leonardo DeCARPrio @midnight	3
Reefer Sutherland   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Halibut Sparks @halsparks  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight Frank Ocean.	3
Mackerelmore  @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight George Eels #OceanCelebs	3
@eliothochberg @midnight Greg Trout #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight Kanye West Indian Company  #OceanCelebs	3
Leonardo DiCarprio #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
CCH Flounder  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
M.C. Hammerhead.#OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs Billy Sea Williams @midnight	3
Steven Sealberg.#OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs Macrel Fastflounder	3
Getting trawled on twitter. #OceanCelebs @midnight	7
Jim Ferry #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
E.E.L. Cummings @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Christina Alligator Gar @midnight  #oceancelebs	3
@midnight Deep-sea-pak Chum-pra #OceanCelebs	3
#oceancelebs @midnight  Narwhalt Disney Ringo Starfish Chris Rock Lobster Jackson Pollock Cod Rundgren Sardine Martin Anchovy Hathaway	3
Jon Hamm-erhead Shark #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Orson Scott Carp #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight @clarkgregg He can't stop, And he won't stop. #OceanCelebs #mantaraycyrus	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs Earnest T. Seabass	3
@midnight Krillian Michaels #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs Mr. T-route	3
@midnight Anglerfishman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy #OceanCelebs	3
Pikeal Jackson @midnight  #OceanCelebs	3
Eel Young @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight #OceanCelebs Barnacle Sanders	3
Marlin Wayans #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Fishsticks Cage @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Seal Kingston #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight  Thelonious Monkfish Kelpsey Grammer Jessica Shrimpson Yogi Barracuda Leonard Nimoyster Jason Seahorse	3
"Gull-funkel &amp; Floats  #OceanCelebs @midnight @katemicucci  @rikilindhome @garfunkeloates"	3
Steve Algae #OceanCelebs @midnight @steveagee	3
@midnight Mackeral-more #OceanCelebs	3
Jim Belu-sea @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Squidney Poitier @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight Johnny Depth #OceanCelebs	3
Loving the #OceanCelebs hashtag! Seabasstian Bach @midnight	3
Buoyancé #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Kim Codashian #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Kelpie Smulders #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Ocean Bean #OceanCelebs  @midnight	3
Reef Fiennes #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Osama Fin Rotten @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Seal tangled up in plastic banding #OceanCelebs @midnight	7
@clarkgregg @midnight @IMBrettDalton Brett Dolphin #OceanCelebs	3
Rachel Sting Ray @midnight  #oceancelebs	3
Spongebob SquareHardwick @midnight #OceanCelebs @hardwick	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight  Prawn Funches	3
@midnight Orlando Algae Bloom  #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight Anemone Heche #OceanCelebs	3
Chris Carp-wick @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
Sea M Punk #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Squid Rock #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Moby's Dick #OceanCelebs @midnight	7
#OceanCelebs @midnight  Sebastian 'The Crab' Bach	3
Pike Tyson. @midnight  #OceanCelebs	3
Reefer Sutherland (he's a stone fish) #OceanCelebs @midnight http://t.co/8End4WDzYN	3
Nicholas Shark Cage @midnight  #OceanCelebs	3
Harrison Fjord  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Alan Moray #OceanCelebs	3
Peter Carpaldi #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight  Heidi Clam Shelley Long Monica Otter David Hasselhoffshore Drilling Gulf of Mexicobe Bryant Crab Calloway	3
Aguaman #OceanCelebs #simulcastinSpanish @midnight	3
Puffer Fish Daddy #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight @katemicucci @rikilindhome @BrentWeinbach @garfunkeloates Tina Tuna #OceanCelebs	3
Stingray Roe-mano   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Copper river Salmon Rushdie  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Robert DownParascope Jr.  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Free Willie Nelson #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Stan Lee-side #OceanCelebs	3
Derek Waters. #OceanCelebs @midnight @derekwaterss	3
Tuna Fey #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Hugh Drowns #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Bill Mahi Mahi. #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
@midnight Moray Povich #OceanCelebs	3
Keanu Reefs #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Armie Hammerhead. #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Krill Smith   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Kate Hudson Bay @midnight  #oceancelebs	3
"I'll tell you what, I thought Kevin Codsner gave a whale of a performance in ""3 Days to Krill"" @midnight #OceanCelebs"	7
@midnight #OceanCelebs FISH HARDWICK!!!	3
#OceanCelebs ... Johnny Depths... @midnight	3
@midnight Dolphin-Safe Lundgren #OceanCelebs	3
Benedict Seaweedpatch #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
"Skate MiSushi #OceanCelebs @midnight @katemicucci  (Skates are related to rays &amp; sharks.)"	3
Barbary StreiSand  #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
Chris Hardtack #OceanCelebs #seafoodweek @midnight	3
@midnight William Shakespear-fishing #OceanCelebs	3
#OceanCelebs @midnight  Vanilla Iceberg Mary Tyler Moray Stingray Charles Pufferfish Daddy Humuhumunukunukuapua'aliyah Dolphin Lundgren	3
Sea aneminemone @midnight #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight The Insane Clownfish Posse #OceanCelebs	3
@midnight Clint Driftwood #OceanCelebs	3
Tom Carnival Cruise   #OceanCelebs @midnight	3
#OceanMovies @midnight Girl with the Dolphin Tattoo	3
He Said, Sushi Said #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Dead Clam #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Green Lanternfish #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Fish, fish, bang, bang #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
Choke on a six pack holder #Oceanmovies @midnight	7
#OceanMovies Independence Bay @midnight	3
House of 1000 seahorses #OceanMovies  @midnight	3
The Buoy in the Striped Pyjamas @midnight #OceanMovies	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Eel Dead	3
@midnight #OceanMovies hammerhead the movie: can't touch this!	7
The Trench Connection #OceanMovies @midnight	3
12 sea monkeys #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
The Talented Oyster Ripley #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Blobfish #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight A Fish Full of Dollars #OceanMovies	3
@midnight Peggy Tsunami Got Married #OceanMovies	3
Sharknado (only the greatest of the #OceanMovies ever made!) @midnight	3
Seaside Squad #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Magic Pike #OceanMovies	3
@midnight Days of Brine and Roses #OceanMovies	3
South Carp: Bigger, Longer,  and Underwater @midnight #OceanMovies	3
The Tide Along  #OceanMovies  @midnight https://t.co/U5bOSkQ1Mz	3
Against All Cods   #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Mackerel The Knife #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
The Scrods Must Be Crazy #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
That Thing You Dugong! #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Oh, Cod! #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
@midnight The Bonfire of the Manatees #OceanMovies	3
Enter the Seadragon #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
James and The Giant Squid  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
A Plank Walk to Remember #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Angelfish in the Outfield #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Eight Below Deck   #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Madagascarp @midnight  #OceanMovies	3
Octopus Now #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Otters @midnight #OceanMovies	3
Being John Molco-fish #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
The Lost SeaWorld #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Air Jaws: Get Off the Fiel...Aaaaaah MY LEG!	7
Seadevil's Advocate #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Starfish Troopers #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Love at First Bait #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Davy Jones' Hurt Locker #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Nautical Born Killers #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
Meet the Fins starring Barracuda Stiller and Rainbowfish De Niro  #OceanMovies @midnight	7
#OceanMovies A Few Good Seamen @midnight	3
Starfish Trek #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
The Trash Island @midnight #OceanMovies	3
Humpback Mountain #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight @DougBenson  #OceanMovies Oceans 8 the newly announced prequel.	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Turtle Recall!	3
Lost and Flounder #OceanMovies @midnight	3
#OceanMovies @midnight Creature from The Blue Lagoon	3
Mermaid in Manhattan #OceanMovies  @midnight	3
The meaning of Life Aquatic #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick @nerdist #OceanMovies #reefwars	3
Jurassic sea world #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Logan's swim #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
Shrimptease @midnight #OceanMovies	3
Terminator: Genifish #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Strait Outta Compton #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Debbie gets motor boated #OceanMovies @midnight	7
#OceanMovies @midnight The World According To Carp	3
The Hunt for Red Herring #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Seal Magnolias @midnight #OceanMovies	3
@BillArrundale @shamans_heal @midnight #OceanMovies Sharknado # 73	3
@midnight That Darn Cat-Fish! #oceanmovies	3
My Cousin Finny  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Halibut Last Night #OceanMovies	3
Flounders #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
La Cage Aux Fillet #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Seacario #OceanMovies @midnight	3
#OceanMovies There's Something About Maritime @midnight	3
Prawn with the wind @midnight #OceanMovies	3
The Adventures of Fin Fin #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Wizard of Cod @midnight #OceanMovies	3
The Sunken Treasure of The Sierra Madre @midnight #OceanMovies	3
@midnight Hakes on a Plane #OceanMovies	3
Good Will Fishing #Oceanmovies @midnight	7
@midnight #OceanMovies School Tides	3
From dusk to Prawn #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
The ladies manatee #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
Warcraft Reef #OceanMovies @midnight	3
How Stella Got Her Humpback  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Fishy Conjuring 2  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Godzilla: The Prequel #OceanMovies	7
#OceanMovies Schindler's Fish @midnight	3
A River Runs Into It @midnight #OceanMovies	3
@midnight Kelp! #OceanMovies	3
Raiders of the Lost Shark #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Chum Like it Hot   #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Cod father @midnight #OceanMovies	3
The king of clown fish #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
@midnight Eel Magnolias #OceanMovies	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Dank Blue Sea	3
Looking for Mr. Sandbar #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Shark Knight #OceanMovies @midnight	3
My Beluga Heaven #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Titanic on Ice  #OceanMovies	5
@midnight Back to School of Fish #OceanMovies #Hashtagwars	3
Taxi Diver #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies anchorman	3
There's Something About Calamari #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
@midnight The Manta Clause #OceanMovies	3
One flew over the Seagulls Nest #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Behind Anemone Lines #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Puffer the Vampire Slayer #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Water Sliding Doors  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Bad Bouys #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight The Dark K-narwhal #OceanMovies	3
Mullholland dive #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
The Big Wave Theory @midnight #OceanMovies	3
The Codfather @midnight  #oceanmovies	3
The Swordfish of the Rings #OceanMovies @Midnight #HashtagWars	3
Lord of the calamari rings #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
The Seashell Network #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Kelp   #OceanMovies @midnight	3
#OceanMovies Listen to me Marlin @midnight  Trout is fresh water, not found in salt water aka oceans.	7
Krill Bill #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
@midnight Algae Indahouse #OceanMovies	3
The secret lives of manatees #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Public Anemones @midnight  #OceanMovies	3
Natural Born Killer Whales #OceanMovies @midnight	3
RED 3 (Red Right Returning) #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Fear and Lothing in Atlantis #Oceanmovies @midnight	3
Suicide Squid #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies The Marlian	3
Not Without My Otter #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Don't Be a Menace to South Pacific While Drinking Your Juice in the Beach	7
The Cod, The Bass and the Eelly @midnight  #oceanmovies	3
The 40 Year old Urchin #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Starfish Wars @midnight #OceanMovies	3
Breakin 2: Electric Eel Boogaloo  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Underwaterworld #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Independence Filet	3
Titanic #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Cod is Not Dead	3
@midnight The Karate Squid #OceanMovies	3
@midnight The Snook, the Thief, His Wife and Her Lover  #OceanMovies	3
Valley of the Dolphins  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
The Fault in Our Starfish  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Straight Trout of Compton  #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Harry Potter And The Deathly Shallows #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Prawn of the Dead #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Good Krill Hunting #oceanmovies @midnight	3
Can't Hardly Bait #OceanMovies @midnight	3
Sleeping With the Anemone @midnight #OceanMovies	3
Guess Who's Chumming to Dinner? #SharkMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OceanMovies Poisson of the Christ	3
20,000 Leagues of Their Own #OceanMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Anything from Dairy Queef	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods GLTBBQ	3
#OneLetterOffFoods @midnight  MILF Chocolate.	3
Reeses Peanut Butter Pup #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods BBQ Ork Ribs	7
Habanegro Chile #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Lasagina #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Bbq Mork @midnight #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods  Cheezh-its	3
Chill Dogs #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick turds and whey #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight Jizza #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Goast	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Fluffer Neuter	3
Bat Peanuts #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Rape Nuts	3
Poysenberry Pie #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Allspic #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@TomDiNardo @midnight uhhh, Not Dogs #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Porn Pops	3
Bing Dongs! @midnight   #OneLetterOffFoods https://t.co/zB2AtmW9WA	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Grilled Cleese	3
Leggplant #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Corned Beef Rash #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Ham-on-lye	3
@midnight peznut butter #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Brain Flakes	7
Irish sod bread #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Egg Folks #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Lice Cream	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Crap Cakes	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Wonder Breed	3
@midnight Stuffed Rust Pizza #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Wrench Fries #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
"#OneLetterOffFoods @midnight "" 'The Mountain' Ew!"" You don't want to know what reanimated him. Slogan: ""Hold your bro's face to the fire!"""	7
"@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods P&amp;BJ"	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Dank Chocolate	3
Lurky Charms: They're magically suspicious #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Scrambled Leggs  #OneLetterOffFoods  @midnight	7
"@midnight @hardwick ""bubble cum bubble cum in a dish, how many pieces do you wish?""   #oneletteroffFoods"	7
"@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods  P &amp; BJs"	3
"@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods  B &amp; M's"	3
Spicy tuna troll #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	7
#OneLetterOffFoods @midnight Grilled Anus	7
Gay leaf  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Harshmallows  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Mouseaka #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Fuck a l'Orange	3
Laming hop peetos #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Creamed Porn #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
goatmeal  #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Banalas  #OneLetterOffFoods #BoringFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Baked Bris	3
Chex Dix  #OneLetterOffFoods  @midnight	7
#OneLetterOffFoods Ice Dream @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Spittles (or Shittles)	7
@OfficialTAZ  Fyi the tag #OneLetterOffFoods came from the show @midnight .They can get up to 70,000 tweets a night. https://t.co/zsrBXPaRyU	0
Lemonaids #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
@midnight Pizza Trolls #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods  Cheez-Zits	7
Taco Hell #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Money Roasted Peanuts #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Gran flakes #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
crack of lamb #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Porn Chowder  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Krool-Aid	3
dick a l'orange (should probably see a doctor about that) #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
@midnight red ball. Gives you wangs! #oneletterofffoods	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Mountain Ew	7
#oneletterofffoods @midnight  Scorned Beef Hash	3
Cum in  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Ham And Egos	7
Spooge cake #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Chicken Poodle Soup #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Ham Socks	3
"Ale  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight  So much healthier for you than the kryptonite, ""Ka-El."""	7
Porn and Beans #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Birthday Coke  #OneLetterOffFoods  @midnight	3
Double Chocolate Fudge Mice Cream  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Pootine #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight horitoes #OneLetterOffFoods	3
@midnight Mole asses cookies #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Crapple #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight https://t.co/dskpGu5cc3	3
Cold Cums from the deli #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Fugyu #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Rack of Mamb #OneLetterOffFoods  @midnight	3
Sweet Dream Butter #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Key Slime Pie  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Hung Beans #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Beet Pot Roast #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Pita Rap #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@hardwick @midnight   Fruit Poops. #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Beef Skank  #OneLetterOffFoods  @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods When it comes to Peanut Butter, choosy mothers choose Jiz.	3
"Bangers &amp; Rash #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight"	3
Queef Burpito  #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Jiffy Poo	3
SPAT #oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Cap'n Crunk #oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Milky Wax	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Hostess Cum Cakes	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Chicken fenders	3
Chicken Fried Mice #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Ruffalo Wings #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight @MarkRuffalo	3
Peasant Under Glass #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Artichode #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Baked Zits  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Western homelette	3
Carny Asada #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight https://t.co/Cg3coKb6C3	3
Han sandwich #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Cheeseburger, hold the tickles #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	7
Strawberry Shart Cake  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight  https://t.co/oM3q6sDgrg https://t.co/8uUaEJJK0i	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Lice Krispies	3
Mancakes #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Chicken Enchilava #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Cum Cakes #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
#OneLetterOffFoods @midnight Fried Lice	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods An oaf of breed	7
Raple Syrup #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Shrimp Amen #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods I Can't Believe It's Not Butt	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffFoods Sand witch	3
Bronut #Oneletterofffoods @midnight	3
Classified Butter #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
#OneLetterOffFoods @midnight French Cries. I think i did this wrong	8
Beef Strokanoff   @midnight #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Dali meats #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight https://t.co/u8p8MpaphT	3
Milk Dudes #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
I can't believe it's Nut Butter!! #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Chickpee #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Porndog #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Chicken Poodle Soup. #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Hamburger Yelper @midnight #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Fish and Chimps  #OneLetterOffFoods @midnight	3
Child Con Carne @midnight #OneLetterOffFoods	3
Lover and Onions #OneletteroffFoods @midnight	3
The Baseketball Diaries  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight School of Cock	1
Helen Mirren in The Queef #OneLetterOffMovies  @midnight	1
"@midnight ""The African Queeg"" Humphrey Bogart #OneLetterOffMovies"	1
The Zen Commandments #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
The ModFather  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/kLRNN0YIKd	1
Mad Max : Furry Road #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
@midnight The Germinator #oneletteroffmovies I	1
Pup Fiction #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/bL7Qzb5on3	4
Ways of Thunder #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
@midnight Dr Stranglelove #OneLetterOffMovies	8
Mays of Thunder #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/EGcXvkjU8i	1
@Midnight Poises Off #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@Midnight The Naked Nun #OneLetterOffMovies	7
Pinions #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
A men  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/8ZfwfLKDjD	1
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Lorde of the Rings	1
@Midnight Sven #OneLetterOffMovies	1
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #pointsme Greased	1
Enema at the Gates #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
She Godfather  (Now that's a whole different movie) #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Stare Wars #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/d9B7tmbimn	4
@midnight Schindler's Lust #OneLetterOffMovies	7
Who's Afraid of Virgin Woolf  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/TwMpCaP920	7
"@midnight ""Gore With The Wind"" (Overhead shot of thousands of Rebel corpses) #OneLetterOffMovies"	8
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #pointsme On Golden Pound	1
Fuck Soup  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight @hardwick #OneLetterOffMovies Miracle on 134th Street	1
@midnight Citizen Kale #oneletteroffmovies	1
The Perminator #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/yzyMWvWxcs	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbi? @midnight #oneletteroffmovies #pointsme	8
@midnight Plane of the Apes #OneLetterOffMovies	4
The Scrying Game @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight Light Club #oneletteroffmovies	1
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Normal Rae. She just goes to work every day and doesn't cause problems.	7
@Midnight Pout Of Africa #OneLetterOffMovies	4
There Will Be Bloop @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	4
Fatman Begins #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight All the President's pen #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight Hurassic Park #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight A Beautiful Mindy #OneLetterOffMovies	1
The Yelp #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Independence Dad  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
"@midnight ""The Codfather."" (Abe Vigoda as Fish. Or sleeping with the fishes.) #OneLetterOffMovies"	7
I Spit On Your Grape @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies #PointsMe	7
@midnight Captain Merica Winter Soldier #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Tar on the Roses  #OneLetterOffMovies #twofer @midnight	1
Hit Girl Friday #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Jews #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
The Perminator #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/LQSXnEkVjU	1
"@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies ""Saul Blart: Mall Cop"""	1
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #ToKiltAMockingbird	7
Blackfist #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight Scarf-face #oneletteroffmovies	1
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #pointsme The Mateful Eight	1
@midnight #PointsMe #OneletterOffMovies James and the giant speach	7
@midnight Hick-Ass #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@Midnight The Wife Of Brian #OneLetterOffMovies	1
"The Codfather  (the story of a fish &amp; chips magnate) #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight"	7
The Pig Lebowski @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Beauty and the Breast #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
@midnight Apocalypse Wow! #oneletteroffmovies	8
Away all Goats @midnight #oneletteroffmovies #pointsme	1
@midnight Star Wars Episode IV - A New Pope #OneLetterOffMovies	4
The Hurt Licker #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
Kindergarten Hop..  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Skymall #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
@midnight cool hand puke #oneletteroffmovies	7
We Fought A Zoo #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Aunt-Man #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
The Lord of the Ringo  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
@midnight good will cunting #oneletteroffmovies	1
Peasantville #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #PointsMe	1
White Men Can't Dump #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
To Bill a Mockingbird #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
The Good, The Bad, And The Fugly #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Scar Wars: A New Dope  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Black Sleep #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Punt for the Red October #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight Star Wars: The Farce Awakens	7
@Midnight Da Vinci Mode #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight The Big Child #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight caddysack #OneLetterOffMovies	4
Spadeballs  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #PointsMe  Mommie Deadest Marathon Fan The Colon of Money	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Meat Girls	7
"@midnight ""Capablanca."" (Late World Chess champ moving Rick and Ilsa around like pawns). #OneLetterOffMovies"	7
Glueless #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Hats Eating Gilbert Grape @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	4
carface #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
The Lizard of Oz @midnight #oneletteroffmovies #pointsme	4
Pee Wee's Wig Adventure @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Tenacious D In The Dick Of Destiny #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Mad Max 2: The Toad Warrior @midnight #oneletteroffmovies	4
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Putin On The Ritz	4
Ban Santa #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Lien - In Debt No One Cares to Hear You Scream #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Apocalypse Cow #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
@midnight Farto #oneletteroffmovies	1
The Pelican Grief.. #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	4
"@midnight ""Some Dike It Hot"" (Jack Lemmon and Joe E. Brown in last scene) #OneLetterOffMovies (This doesn't work, really)"	7
#OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #pointsme Pulp Friction	1
Rational Treasure  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
@midnight American Die: The Wedding #OneLetterOffMovies	7
@midnight Amy of Darkness #OneLetterOffMovies	1
@midnight The Dank Knight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
The Lizard of Oz #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/ukjINhW8En	4
Lances With Wolves   #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/2oloLnratc	4
@midnight The Pelican Briefs #OneLetterOffMovies	4
Foodfellas #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Se7en Samurai @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies #PointsMe	1
Die Bard #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
Three Days of the Condom #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight Bachelor Marty #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Play Fisty for Me  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Planet of the Gapes @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Shitman  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Litters to Juliet #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
"Wallace &amp; Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbi #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight"	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Kelp! #PointsMe	1
Hostbusters #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
The Big Snort #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight Schindler's Lisp #oneletteroffmovies	1
The Big Shirt. #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight #PointsMe	1
Block Sheep #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight https://t.co/MTugh5xDbb	4
Romeo Must Dive #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	1
King Dong @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	7
@midnight Star Warts, A New Hope #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Lace Off  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
Ineption  #OneLetterOffMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #OneLetterOffMovies Easy Ridem #PointsMe	7
@midnight 4 Year Old Virgin #OneLetterOffMovies	8
@midnight The Gizard of Oz #oneletteroffmovies	1
Dawn of the Deaf @midnight #OneLetterOffMovies	1
Mike A Virgin? #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
(Sittin' On) The Cock of the Bay @midnight #OneLetterOffSongs	7
Purple Vain #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
"I like @MacksWellSmart's tip : ""Shark Dressed Man #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight http://t.co/oVnSTIUBMR"" http://t.co/q3O2w5RVMV"	1
"@midnight #OneLetterOffSongs ""Poon River"""	4
I Couch Myself #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	2
"I like @TracyinWales's tip : ""#OneLetterOffSongs Brick in the Well @midnight http://t.co/L7EADsD5gM"" http://t.co/M0ZiSHqyj3"	1
The Star-Spangled Canner. #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
Baby, Get Back. #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
Who Let The Pogs Out? #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
Bad To The Boner #OneLetterOffSongs  @BettyFckinWhite @midnight	7
Rove Shack #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
Happy Mirthday @midnight #OneLetterOffSongs	1
"@midnight #OneLetterOffSongs ""The Immigrant Dong"""	7
I can pee clearly now. #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
Treebird. #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
Take Me to Church's #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
We Can Pork it Out #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
Madonna- Lick a virgin  #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
Another One Bites the Bust #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
"@midnight #OneLetterOffSongs ""Gunning Down A Dream"""	8
Pa Mama  Hump @midnight  Two  #OneLetterOffSongs by Dan Halen.	7
The Hose #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
@midnight Hit My Baby (One More Time) #OneLetterOffSongs	7
Yelp! I need somebody #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
Our Lips Are Scaled #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
It's Hashtag Humpday People! Tweet your best submissions for #OneLetterOffSongs and Tag us @Midnight comedy for RT! http://t.co/jAqgp56P6R	0
I Love Cock 'n' Roll #OneLetterOffSongs @BettyFckinWhite @midnight	1
Never Gonna HIV You Up #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	8
Everybody Have Gun Tonight #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	8
Sweet Hole Alabama #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
@midnight Penny Lame #OneLetterOffSongs	7
Let's Dunce #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
Nothing Compares 3 U #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
A Day In The Wife #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
Fart-Time Lover #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
When Doves Fry #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
"@midnight #OneLetterOffSongs I know this is two days old, but one more... ""Taint Misbehavin'"""	7
Hit Me With Your Best Shoe #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
The Gay You Make Me Feel #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	7
(Just Like) Sharting Over #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
.@midnight Mullet With Butterfly Wings #OneLetterOffSongs	4
She Works Hard For The Monkey #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	4
Love Sack @midnight #OneLetterOffSongs	1
@midnight #OneLetterOffSongs ye of the tiger	1
Eye of the Liger #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
American Lie.  #OneLetterOffSongs @midnight	1
"@midnight  #OppositeDay ""Ron Funches does not win the internet"""	7
Bath salts in Florida used for taking a bath. #OppositeDay @midnight	7
I know where the beef is #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Make different choices. #OppositeDay #TweetAtYourTeenSelf .@midnight	7
"@midnight ""@midnight was actually on at Midnight &amp; not 10:30pm WTF!!???"" #OppositeDay"	7
@midnight  #OppositeDay No thank YOU for not playing, same night.  Nerdy enough!	7
@midnight #OppositeDay And the Emmy for Best Comedy Series goes to @midnight	7
@midnight #OppositeDay Yabba Dabba Don't	7
@midnight #OppositeDay I only drank 24 beers ociffer	7
@midnight  #OppositeDay You just took a bunch of liquid acid. Totally freak out man!!	7
Boo, hiss! @midnight finalists! @RantingRecluse @Wieneraaron @darksidedeb #OppositeDay Bad luck tonight! 	7
Mary Tyler Less #oppositeday @midnight	1
Less Cowbell! #OppositeDay @midnight	1
Intern Who #OppositeDay @midnight	1
vegecan #OppositeDay @midnight	1
@midnight #OppositeDay worst sex ever.	7
That Dislike Button Should Work Out Great On FB #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Premature Ejaculation #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Frankly, my dear, I give all the damns. #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Vincent Gallo deserves an Academy Award and an acquittal on all charges.   #OppositeDay @midnight	7
I'm Gonna Make Him An Offer He Can Refuse If He Finds It Not To His Liking #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Muslim kids applauded by teachers in Texas for their science skills! #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Willem DaFriend #OppositeDay @midnight	1
@midnight #OppositeDay rusted Girls (golden girls)	7
@midnight  I bet Ron Funches won't be on again. #OppositeDay	7
Congrats, @midnight bottom tweets! @DamianVanore23 @SheJStaz @joemessin @ronnypascale #OppositeDay Bad luck tonight!	7
4 out of 5 lions recommend dentists   #OppositeDay @midnight	4
Dave Mathews rocks. #OppositeDay @midnight	7
Pie-ly Cyrus #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Jackie Chan Tossed #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight Notorious Chef-B.I.G. #Pizzalebrities	3
The Pope of Pepperoni #Pizzalebrities @midnight Twisted Pizza Provincetown http://t.co/2Q6dBjSHPd	3
@midnight #Pizzalebrities Robert Doughy Jr.	3
Kevin Canadian Bacon #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Pepperoni Clooney #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Mathew Peri-Peri. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Charlize Calzone @midnight  #Pizzalebrities	3
@midnight @SklarBrothers @sarahtiana #Pizzalebrities  Weird Al Anchovies http://t.co/3lUNxwWmgv	3
Italena Headey. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
"Ham &amp; Pineapple on whole WilWheaton #Pizzalebrities  @midnight"	3
@midnight #Pizzalebrities  Wil Wheatcrust	3
Crustopher Nolan. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
You know @midnight will always deliver. #Pizzalebrities @SklarBrothers http://t.co/BHCEtgQicB http://t.co/mGhXGgfvyj	3
Bon Chovy #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight Fats Dominoes delivers in 30 minutes or less. #Pizzalebrities	3
Slice Stallone #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Andrew Slice Clay @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
What do you want on your TombStone Cold Steve Austin #Pizzalebrities  @midnight	3
Papa John's Faverau  #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Sylvester Calzone #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Ethan Hawaiian #Pizzalebrities @Midnight	3
Whitney Toppings #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Mozart rella #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight Papa Johns Cusak #Pizzalebrities	3
A pizza w Taylor ham and Swift cheese #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight #Pizzalebrities Italian Sausage and Olive Barrymore Kopelman	3
@midnight Dan Ak-Noid #Pizzalebrities	3
Kevinadian Bacon #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight It's not delivery, it's DeNiro #Pizzalebrities http://t.co/tEmmIYofbA	3
Don Garlic Knots.  @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
"Sandra Bullockoni &amp; Spinach #Pizzalebrities @midnight"	3
Biggy Smalls Slice @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
Alan Thicke Crust  #Pizzalebrities @Midnight	3
Pepperoni Damon #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Anthony Wiener-stuffed-pizza #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight Olive R Pratt #Pizzalebrities	3
Jesus Crust #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Kevin Take-and-Bacon #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Quentin Taratotino's Pizza Rolls #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
"I didn't order Snoop Lion Sausage &amp; Anne Hechovies no.!! don't Return it!! #Pizzalebrities @midnight"	3
It's not delivery, it's DeVito's @midnight  #Pizzalebrities	3
Steve Glutenberg Free Crust #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Crustian Bale. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Jackie Pan Pizza. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Jon daily deals #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Personal Pan Aykroyd #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Guttenberg-Free Crust #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Kim Jong Onion #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Benedict Cucumber-Batch  #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
.@midnight Jabba The Pizza Hut #Pizzalebrities	3
Sgt. Red Pepper's Lonely Stuffed Crust Band #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Oregano Bloom. #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
@midnight Harrison Fourdcheese Pizza #Pizzalebrities http://t.co/XCzeid1S81	3
Papa John Slattery @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
Jennifer Meat Lovers Hewitt @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
Bon Anjovies  #Pizzalebrities @midnight	3
Rick-otta Astley @midnight #Pizzalebrities	3
The pen and the art of motorcycle maintenance #pointsme #prisonbooks @midnight	7
@midnight Much Ado About Armed Robbery. #prisonbooks #PointsMe	7
@midnight Mein Kampf #PrisonBooks	8
100 Years of Solitary #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight #PrisonBooks Hoyle's Rules of Solitary	7
The Shankshaw Redemption #PrisonBooks #PointsMe @midnight	7
Hijacker's Guide to the Galaxy #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
The Secret Lives of Contraband Mules #PrisonBooks @midnight	6
The Catcher In The Shower #PrisonBooks @midnight  #Catcher=Bottom	8
The complete guide to origami shivs! @midnight #PrisonBooks	7
@midnight To Jail a Mockingbird #PrisonBooks	1
What to Expect When You're Expecting to Be Traded for Cigarettes  #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
Slaughterhouse Five ... Three With Good Behavior. #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	6
"The Lord Of Your Ring Trilogy: The Fellowship Of Your Ring, The Two Gun Towers &amp; The Return Of Your Cellmate #PrisonBooks @midnight"	8
@midnight...Of Mice,Roaches,Rats and Men #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	7
"It's Not Easy Being Fleece: The Life &amp; Times of the Booty Warrior #PrisonBooks @midnight https://t.co/8ZKDgNb3DM"	8
@midnight I Know Why the Caged Stool Pigeon Sings #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	1
War and Keister #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
Gang of Thugs: A Feast for Crooks #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight House of Seven Gallows...#PrisonBooks #PointsMe	1
@midnight...Rear-Enders Game #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	8
Caught 22.  #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
Anne of Green Gallows @midnight  #PrisonBooks	8
The Gang with the Dragon Tattoo #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
@midnight One Hundred Years of Solitary Confinement #PrisonBooks	1
I know why the jail bird sings  #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
Xbox One User.. Manuals Gonna Make You His Bitch. #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
@midnight I Know Why the Cadged Bird Sing Sings #PrisonBooks	7
A Catcher in the Shower #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	8
Watership Lockdown #PrisonBooks @Midnight	7
@midnight #1984DudesThatWantToRapeMe #PrisonBooks	8
HOLES: Diary Of The Cavity Search Guard #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
How to keep a glove from fitting: The prisoners comprehensive handbook. #PrisonBooks @midnight @hardwick	7
The Seven Habits of the Highly Effective Prison Snitch #prisonbooks @midnight	8
Butt Sex for Dummies #PrisonBooks  @midnight	8
To Shiv A Mockingbird #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
Eat Shank Love #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	7
One Hundred Years of Solitary Confinement.  #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
A Clothwashed Orange #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
@midnight A Clockwork Orange Jumpsuit #PrisonBooks	7
Shiv and Let Die #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	7
The Girl Who Made The Toilet Wine #PointsMe #prisonbooks @midnight	1
Prison Surgeon don't drop the Soap #PrisonBooks #PointsMe @midnight	1
Everything I Never Told You: Because I'm Not a Snitch. #prisonbooks #PointsMe @midnight	7
Through the Glass Partition #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
"White Pride &amp; Lots Of Prejudice #PrisonBooks @midnight"	8
Old Man and the C-Block #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	1
#PrisonBooks @midnight  The Warden of OZ #PointsMe	1
Treasure Keister #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
Books with conviction. #PrisonBooks @midnight @ardenmyrin https://t.co/qvSthkSCaS https://t.co/QvRKlGnwjK	1
"#PrisonBooks ""The Shiving Tree"" @midnight #PointsMe"	7
The Five People You Meet In The Communal Shower #PrisonBooks. @midnight	8
The Lion, The Witch and the Warden @midnight  #PrisonBooks	1
If You Give A Snitch A Cookie... #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	1
The 7 habits of highly delinquent people #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
@midnight Brotherhood of the travelling shiv #PrisonBooks	7
@midnight The Diary of Ann Shanked #PrisonBooks	7
I Know Why The Caged Bird Is In Sing Sing @midnight #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	7
Think like a man-lady @midnight #PrisonBooks	1
One Flew Over the Warden's Desk #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
The Conjugal Book  #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
"@midnight And here I thought ""to Keister a Mockingbird"" was golden #PrisonBooks  https://t.co/5r08iOxjWL"	7
The Color black-and-blue @midnight #PrisonBooks	1
Armageddon Akka #PrisonBooks #PointsMe @midnight	1
Since 1984 #prisonbooks @midnight	1
#PrisonBooks Chicken Soap for the Prisoners Cell @midnight #PointsMe	7
Thomas the Shank Engine #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
A Tale of Two Shivvers #prisonbooks #PointsMe @midnight	1
What to expect when you're expecting prison rape @midnight  #PrisonBooks	8
@midnight raping for dummies #PrisonBooks	8
@midnight The Unbearable Whiteness of Still Being Part of the Aryan Brotherhood After 30 years #PrisonBooks	8
The Adventures of the barbwire club #PrisonBooks #PointsMe  @midnight	1
Of mice and mugshots #PrisonBooks #PointsMe @midnight	1
To Kill A Jailbird #PrisonBooks @midnight #DontMockMeMoFo	7
Twilight: Breaking Out At Dawn #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
The Digging-eat Andy Dufresne  #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
A room without a view.   #PrisonBooks  @midnight	1
6 by 8 Walden cells #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Incarceration #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
@midnight Shanked at the Fountianhead #PrisonBooks	7
@midnight Moby's Dick #PrisonBooks	1
To Shank a Mockingbird #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
A Time to Kill Your Cellie #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
The Importance of Being Predatory #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
TheSlow RegardofSilent Screams #PrisonBooks @midnight  @hardwick @PatrickRothfuss	7
'A Take of Two Conjugal Visits' #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
Little interaction with Women #PrisonBooks @midnight	1
@midnight #PrisonBooks Twelve Years a Convict.	1
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Teen Angst  #prisonbooks @midnight	6
James and the Giant Shiv #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
@midnight Zen and the Art of Serving Three-to-Five Years for Vehicular Manslaughter #PrisonBooks	8
Oh the Places You Won't Go! #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
Old man in the C-block #PrisonBooks @midnight #PointsMe	1
So Long and Shanks For All The Fish @midnight #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	7
Shankenstein #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
Amelia Pedophilia #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
Eat, Pray, Stab #PrisonBooks @midnight	8
@midnight the 5 people you meet in General Population #PrisonBooks	1
The Adventures of Tom's Shower @midnight #PrisonBooks	1
"@midnight The Old Man and the Cellblock ""C"" #PrisonBooks #PointsMe"	1
From Here to Attorney #PrisonBooks @midnight	6
Purpose Driven Life Sentance #PrisonBooks @Midnight	6
"#prisonbooks @midnight  #PointsMe  ""One Fish, Two Fish, You Must Be The New Fish"""	1
@midnight...Prison Cooking 101:Fifty Shades of Gray #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	6
@midnight #PrisonBooks Catcher in the brown eye	1
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad First Shower Day #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
@midnight Eat, Pray, Shank  #PrisonBooks  #PointsMe	7
@midnight #PrisonBooks Arson Lupin	7
Pride and Pre-trial confinement #prisonbooks @midnight	8
#PrisonBooks @midnight Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the D.	8
@midnight Hitch-Rikers Guide to the Galaxy #PrisonBooks #PointsMe	1
Warden and Peace #PrisonBooks @midnight	7
"Twilight: Bend Over &amp; Show Me Your New Moon #PrisonBooks @midnight"	7
The Night Guard Lestat #PrisonBooks  @midnight	7
Eat, Solitary, Conjugal Visit.  @midnight  #PrisonBooks	7
rumors of sex #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight Blackberry brandy barf #Promin3words	3
Long Hug Goodnight #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Rode a bicycle @midnight #HowIGetAroundContest #PromIn3Words	2
You wanna dance? #PromIn3Words  No, I can't, because I'm very clearly IN A WHEELCHAIR!! Ableist moron... @midnight	6
#promin3words @midnight Prom with mom	2
Who's the geezer?  #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Awkward sex request? @midnight  #PromIn3Words	2
Blackjack and Hookers #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
No Means No #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Took Your Mom #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Vomit soaked limo #promin3words @midnight	1
Human Papilloma Cotillion @midnight #PromIn3Words	1
Minor In Possession #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Not told location #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
have a backseat @midnight #PromIn3Words	2
Pregnant before dawn #Promin3Words @midnight	1
Puke stained tuxedo #Promin3Words @midnight	1
Sex incorrectly predicted #PromIn3Words @midnight	3
failed, went anyway #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Cousins Don't Count #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Plan B, Please! #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Teacher arranged date #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
No Fat Chicks #PromIn3Words @midnight	8
Last Virgin Standing #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight horny teenage gropefest #PromIn3Words	1
Baby Got Bacne @midnight #PromIn3Words	1
@midnight #promin3words the condom busted	1
I wouldn't know. #promin3words @midnight	1
John Hughes lied. #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Drunk Premature Ejaculation @midnight #PromIn3Words	1
Drunk No = Yes? #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
She said no #promin3words @midnight	1
nothign but Blueballs #promin3words @midnight	1
I wouldn't know #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
#PromIn3Words  @midnight Should've asked Amber lol	1
@midnight Still a Virgin  #PromIn3Words	1
All Journey soundtrack #promin3words @midnight	1
Found A Babysitter #PromIn3Words #TeenMom @midnight	1
Not Penny's throat #PromIn3Words @Midnight	1
McDonalds, wearing Tuxedo @midnight #PromIn3Words	2
Sunday School Hangover #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Spike the punch #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
#PromIn3Words @midnight Adult-Woody Allen.	1
Just Like Carrie  #PromIn3Words @midnight	3
@schm3cky @midnight Carrie killed all? #PromIn3Words	3
Game Of Boners @midnight #PromIn3Words	7
Night to Dismember @midnight #PromIn3words	8
Prematurely alcohol poisoning #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight #promin3words #Siriexplainsex	1
@midnight #Promin3Words Wanna Go Home	2
Complicated legal issues.  #promin3words @midnight	7
Janitor closet sex #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Bill Cosby'd myself #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Olive Garden Reservations @midnight #promin3words	1
#PromIn3Words  Loud TackyPoly Tux's .@midnight	7
@midnight Oh look, punch! #PromIn3Words	7
"@midnight  ""Goodbye to Childhood"" #PromIn3Words A #momofteens perspective. (No sarcasm intended.) #SeniorProm https://t.co/azmQoMlcoi"	1
Solidified low expectations @midnight #PromIn3Words	2
Morning After Pill #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
fondling drunk chaperones #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #PromIn3Words Scored with teacher!	1
Slept In Tux #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Up for grabs. #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Annoying, drunk teenagers #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Dry hump blisters  #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
#PromIn3Words  Lewd Limo Licking .@midnight	7
Shaving, waxing, plucking #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Prom Night Dumpsterbaby #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Hello, teenage pregnancy! #PromIn3Words #useprotection #notkidding @midnight	2
Consent is necessary!!! #PromIn3Words #friendlyreminder @midnight	0
WORLD'S SADDEST HANDJOB #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight Vomit stained taffeta #PromIn3Words	2
@midnight #PromIn3Words Hot teacher's cleavage.	1
blue balls epidemic #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Waste of time #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
another restrainting order #promin3words @midnight	8
@midnight #PromIn3Words Boobs Boobs Boobs	1
Toothy blow job #promin3words @midnight	1
Oops, condom broke. #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Meet my cousin. #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight @JenKirkman @rikilindhome @roryscovel #PromIn3Words..... Your conception date	7
Four Hour Erection #PromIn3Words   @midnight	2
fondling drunk teachers #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Work tomorrow 6am #PromIn3words @midnight	1
Sex in butt #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Room for Jesus #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Mass dry humping #promin3words @midnight	7
@midnight #PromIn3Words Here's the elephant.	7
Took My Mom  #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Went with cousin @midnight #Promin3words	2
Preemptively turned down #Promin3Words .@midnight	1
Last resort cousin. @midnight #PromIn3Words	2
Spray Tan Convention #PromIn3Words @mavissav @midnight	7
@ProHeelWarrior @midnight #PromIn3Words I Walk Alone	1
#Promin3Words @midnight Would've rather died	7
Pizza Roll Catering @midnight #PromIn3Words	1
"theme was ""segregation"" #PromIn3Words @midnight"	8
@midnight #PromIn3Words Stop R. Kelly!	7
@midnight a pubescent nightmare #promin3words	3
Moves like Ren #promin3words @midnight https://t.co/guKt7scIvr	1
Seamen soaked Kleenex @midnight  #PromIn3Words	2
@midnight #Promin3Words Awkward Trial Wedding	1
Not my blood. #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Mistakes Were Made #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Toilet Baby Delivery #PromIn3Words @mavissav @midnight	1
@midnight #PromIn3Words Abandoned Baby Bonanza	1
Fun if popular #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
First premature ejaculation! #promin3words @midnight	2
Biggest baby boom #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
#PromIn3Words  @midnight Didn't get laid	1
Bedazzled my flask #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
"@midnight ""Cosby"" Punch Bowl #PromIn3Words"	1
Really Sad Handjob #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Please use protection!  #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Deep Blue Balls  #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
I'm Cheated On #promin3words @midnight	1
Roofied the punch. #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight  took my brother #promin3words    (Bonus 3 word reason- boyfriend in jail) #truestory	1
Surprise, I'm pregnant #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Had playoff game #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
First Faked Orgasm @midnight #PromIn3Words	2
Unfindable by Sephiroth #PromIn3Words @midnight https://t.co/clYNzCaJag	4
@midnight sex in vomit #promin3words	2
Puked in punch! #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
Brought the lunchlady #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight Mayflower Hotel ban #PromIn3Words	7
Drunk dry humping #PromIn3Words @midnight	2
outlawed in Footloose #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight #PromIn3Words It's R. Kelly!	1
We're not cousins!  #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Carrie's Was Better #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
80's movie flashback #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Nine months later... #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Oldest guy there  #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Strapless was mistake.  #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
Too much fabric #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
Badly timed breakup #PromIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight #PromIn3words Annoying Youtube proposals	7
Magic the gathering  #PromIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions Lose 10 pounds, then drink it back on celebrating	7
#RealisticResolutions @midnight Not to make any resolutions next year.	2
@midnight change my underwear everyday #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe	1
Finish reading the boring book I started in HS that's now a boring movie @midnight #RealisticResolutions #Gatsby	7
Find out what that green stuff in the sink is. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
#RealisticResolutions @midnight Get off my rear and get a job....after the 6 hour Law and Order Marathon and a case of beer #PointsMe	7
@midnight Feel less self-satisfied about putting the newspaper in the recycling bin #RealisticResolutions	6
I will not risk heat exhaustion in sports activities, or cancer from wearing skin-revealing bathing suits. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
i will change into a new pair of sweatpants when the ones I am wearing become stiff #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
"@midnight @ComedyCentral @LIVE105 #RealisticResolutions Help make @KevinKleinLIVE best show on the radio &amp; you can too!!!"	1
Stop texting exes with insults and saying I'm Lucifer, my seatwarmer can't have ALL the credit #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Actually watch more tv than I already do #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
When eating donuts, start with the hole.   #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Host less Comic-Con panels. @hardwick @midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe	7
Not to be 100% a dick all the time #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Give a shit about something other than myself, and not just sarcastically. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
@midnight Lose five friends skinnier than me. #RealisticResolutions	7
"Not become one of ""The People of Walmart"" @midnight #pointsme #RealisticResolutions"	7
Keep doing the same old stuff. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
Try to explore a wider variety of Walgreens' Frozen Pizza options #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Lose 25 Pounds. I'll Miss My 3 Year Old. @midnight #RealisticResolutions	8
#RealisticResolutions Tweet, Play, Like @midnight	1
Will only eat carbs, proteins and fats #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	7
To fart in my hand and throw it yelling HaDuKen!! more #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	2
Age #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
Retweet #ThongThursday more!!  #RealisticResolutions #retweet #rt @midnight #ngot #milf #naughtygirloftwitter	1
Convince myself Im perfect the way I am #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
I resolve to make more stupid greeting cards, like this:  #RealisticResolutions @midnight https://t.co/zVWbp1cfZ6	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Watch Star Wars, buy Star Wars swag, and keep it all off of my online dating profile!	7
@midnight  Cater more virginity commitment ceremonies.  #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe	7
No additional Passwords, Pin Numbers, Passcodes, Account Numbers, or Activated Badges. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
@midnight Move the pizza shop out of the top 10 speed dials #RealisticResolutions	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions  I will quit smoking weed during work.	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe More trolling of that Douche @hardwick (aw, you know I luv yew, man! :)	2
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Continue to work in my same crappy job and take more $#!^ from my idiot boss.	2
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Max out my credit cards on crap I don't need 'cuz I'm a 'Merican, dammit!	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Bemoan the death of journalism as they ignore all things Hilary except her Party b/c of her Party	6
Stop trimming my balls with my beard trimmer #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Gonna tweet the end of The Force Awakens as soon as I see it. #PointsMe #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
"Like  all of @ready2jam1, @whosfilthier &amp; @TheCuriousCpl tweets!!  #RealisticResolutions @midnight #ngot #milf #naughtygirloftwitter"	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions when I call my ex instead of just hanging up,I will leave a message.	2
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Worry about adding 10 more pounds then say F it and up my blood pressure and viagra prescriptions!	7
"@midnight Ignore anything named ""Gorton's"" #RealisticResolutions"	1
#RealisticResolutions do one push-up for every lunar eclipse @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Petition Congress to count Cheetos as a vegetable!	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Continue supporting those poor, poor ppl at JPMorgan Chase with overdraft fees.	6
#RealisticResolutions Take down Christmas decorations this year. @midnight	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions  I will thoroughly was my butt plug after every use.	2
Give up drinking 8 or 9 times #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Listen to all of @TheAussieSwing podcasts!!  #RealisticResolutions @midnight #sexyfriends #MustFollow	1
#RealisticResolutions Stay up all night to get lucky @midnight	2
Read more, by visiting the magazine rack to skim the rags on your Saturday grocery trips. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
"@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe End all my phone conversation with, ""Bomb is ready!"" just to give the NSA something to do."	8
@midnight @hardwick #RealisticResolutions Come up with next year's resolution.	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions  Stop expecting to get points from @midnight	2
@midnight stop pretender light beer is healthier #RealisticResolutions	2
@midnight #RealisticResolutions  Stop smoking... Never started so resolution achieved! #PointsMe	1
Start buying baby wipes along with your toilet paper, you'll never go back.  @midnight #RealisticResolutions	1
#RealisticResolutions  To Stop Smoking... in Church  #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/1iEy4iI35e	1
I'll play the #hashtagwars on time so I actually have a chance at getting my tweet on the show.   #RealisticResolutions @midnight	2
@midnight @ComedyCentral #RealisticResolutions Have @realDonaldTrump go to the middle east to personally takeout every agent of isis	8
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Salt my beer with the tears while watching Trump represent even a portion of Americans.	8
Find those droids even if it kills me #RealisticResolutions @midnight	4
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Continue to ignore the advice of health experts and more delicious bacon!	7
#RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Continue not being selected as the @midnight tweet of the day!	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions Limit my anger over football to profanity laced tirades, and stop breaking stuff.	7
Fight a polar bear while santa announces the fight #RealisticResolutions @midnight	4
@midnight sign up for pornhub membership #RealisticResolutions	1
Go to the dagobah system #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
"@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Find the Tweep who trolls me just to tell my ex-wife whenever I tweet about her &amp; tell em to F off"	2
Keep breathing #RealisticResolutions @midnight	8
#RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Keep rolling my eyes at comedians on @midnight who take cheap shots @hardwick's Singled Out days.	7
"@midnight #RealisticResolutions Making ridiculous resolutions &amp; not following them!"	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions I will only drink on special occasion,I will treat everyday as a occasion.	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions I will quit smoking crack, I'll only do coke.	7
#RealisticResolutions  @midnight   I will wipe my ass most every time I should!	7
Stop jerking off to free porn clips and actually subscribe @midnight #RealisticResolutions	7
Stop being butthurt that you have to wait a year for the next season of #GAMEOFTHRONES or #THEWALKINGDEAD @midnight #RealisticResolutions	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions I will only watch porn with girls my own age.	7
I'll stop checking every 3 minutes to see if people liked this tweet #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	7
I'm not going to drink any more, nor will I drink any less #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	1
"Stop reversing ""budget"" into ""get bud"" #RealisticResolutions @midnight"	7
"Remaining Sane in the Primary Season with DickTracyVillians, EgoBlimps, RagingHypocrits, &amp; LameAssMFers. #RealisticResolutions @midnight"	1
See what's outside #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	2
Listen 2 Podcasts #RealisticResolutions @midnight @Swingtime69 @BlissBringers @AverageSwingers @SwingDownUnder @HiddenSwing @TheBillyProcida	1
@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Don't dance. People are watching.	2
In 2016, I will never use more than one f*cken swear word in the same goddamn sentence. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Cook more frozen stuff in the oven, less in the microwave  @midnight #RealisticResolutions	7
Stop hacking Life Alert call centers just to troll #RealisticResolutions @midnight	8
Stop eating a dozen cookies and only eat 11 #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
@midnight Stop lying unless it is ABSOLUTELY convenient #RealisticResolutions	7
@midnight #RealisticResolutions  Work upper body by waving at health club as I drive by.	7
Will stop watching @midnight  #RealisticResolutions	1
Bang a bunch of black guys. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
I will not nitpick the new Star Wars for months on end. A few weeks, tops. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
Rubik's Cube 2016!!!! @midnight #RealisticResolutions	1
Do more cardio, besides walking to the fridge #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Click bait and chill #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
Gonna be less passive aggressive as if anyone would notice #RealisticResolutions @midnight #PointsMe	5
Make a separate Twitter account for my drunk tweets #RealisticResolutions @midnight	1
tell my parents I'll start thinking about paying them back #realisticresolutions @midnight	7
Buy yo weed in larger amounts so you're not paying top dollar for a 1/8th each time   @midnight #RealisticResolutions #WEED #POT #MARIJUANA	1
Continue to pretend my leashed dog is not mine as he poops, and leave the pile in someone else's yard #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
"@midnight #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe Strive for money &amp; fame by doing nothing more than taking it up my huge ass. Worked for Kim."	7
@midnight fart ventriloquism #RealisticResolutions	4
Be online less than 20 hours a day @midnight  #RealisticResolutions	7
@midnight maybe get over the fact there is no Friday night @midnight #RealisticResolutions or not	3
I will only watch reality TV to be ironic #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
I won't vote for Trump for the sake of doing a bit. #RealisticResolutions #PointsMe @midnight	6
Will have sex... Or not #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
No more holding back on my cigarette intake. #RealisticResolutions @midnight	7
Spend more money on fast food. @midnight  #RealisticResolutions	7
Get 'er done! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
Proud Republican Tools #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Rodeo Baby Conception #RedneckIn3Words	7
Worships Miley Cyrus  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
It's our culture #RedneckIn3Words @midnight HatTip to James Webb	7
Local wrestling enthusiast  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
"#RedneckIn3Words @midnight ""my relatives"" that's three right?"	7
@midnight Frenching your sister #RedneckIn3Words	7
White Lightning Shots #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
Up the Holler  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Obama is Muslim #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Forth grade thirteen-year-old #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words Branson missouri vacation	7
NASCAR and Chill #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Deep-Fried Turkey Thanksgiving @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	2
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words Tea Party Supporter	7
Trailer Park Royalty #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Dog: My Copilot  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Possum done yet?#RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Hold mah beer... @midnight #redneckin3words	7
@midnight Kid Rock groupie #RedneckIn3Words	7
Critters are vittles #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
#RedneckIn3Words @midnight Readin's For Richies	7
Guns, No Abortions #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Gee, Thanks Obama #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
#hashtagwars Married My Cousin @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	8
ACTUAL Sister Wives #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight   Double Wide Home #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight Blumpkin Incest Parties #RedneckIn3Words	8
Grittin' my tooth #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Science is bullsh*t!  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Roll Tide! #RedneckIn3Words (Yeah it's 2 words. That's the joke)	7
Moonshine, Roadkill, Taters #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight Post sex grits #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight First Cousin Fucking #RedneckIn3Words	8
Married My Truck #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words Raccoon Defeats Breathalyzer	3
One word: NRA #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight #redneckin3words - Hold my beer..	3
#RedneckIn3Words @midnight raccoon penis toothpick	3
Y'all watch this  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Shotgun Selfie Stick #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Married my sister #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Dentists hate me #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Tur-Duck-Hen  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Naked Mudflap Lady #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Tell you what.  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Home school dropout  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Confederate Flag Fanatic #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Rodeo Drive cool #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Banjo Dueling Retards #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Hold My Beer #RedneckIn3Words  @midnight	3
Sister's Me Wife #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Beer Gut Acne @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight  Moonshine Whiskey Dick   #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words what's a dentist	7
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words Hey, watch this!	3
no coloreds allowed #RedneckIn3Words @midnight @hardwick	8
I'm Kim Davis.  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Strip club scholarship #RedneckIn3Words  @midnight	7
@midnight Crane game champion #RedneckIn3Words	7
Shoot Gun Control #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Y'all know Tater  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
My sister wife #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words            hey uncle dad!	8
Scattered Smothered Covered #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Jeff Foxworthy Fan #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
So I'm illiterate #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Divorcing my cousin. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Married my cousin. #RedneckIn3Words	8
Moonshine, Overalls, Pickups  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Brother's my uncle #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Gravy flavored panties  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
O  VER  ALLS #RedneckIn3Words	1
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words REMEMBER THE ALAMODE!	3
Family Speed Dating #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Crystal Meth Cupcakes  #Redneckin3Words @midnight	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words Heritage not Hate!	8
@midnight Garth Brook Dentures #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight Smoking while pregnant #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight Headin' to Walmart #RedneckIn3Words	3
Large Print Books #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
I Speak 'Merican! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Sister-cousin-wife @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	8
@midnight Kim Davis supporter #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words possum casserole night	7
Country Music Twang #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Marry me, sis? @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight Meth cookin' granny #RedneckIn3Words	1
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words FETAL ALCOHOL SYNDROME	1
@midnight Singled Out host #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words I hear banjos.	3
"@midnight #RedneckIn3Words ""Red, White, and Blue!"""	3
Never been Sober #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Trailer park tornado  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Outhouse related injury #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight fireworks and beer #RedneckIn3Words	3
Sis's lookin' perdy.  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Wrestling themed wedding. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	4
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT	8
First Cousin lovin' #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
What's a book #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight Family reunion Rohypnol #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight Swimming Hole Tapeworm #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight WalMart special occasion #RedneckIn3Words	3
Meth, Meth, Meth #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	1
@midnight Unnecessary Rascal ride #RedneckIn3Words	3
Grammar? She's dead. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
'merica, fuck yeah @midnight  #RedneckIn3Words	3
Hold my beer. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Jesus Loves.Guns  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
#RedneckIn3Words Pumpkin Spice Possum @midnight	7
White Since Birth @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	7
@midnight Half Ply TP #RedneckIn3Words	1
Lawn mower racing #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Pass the ammunition  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
All lives matter. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight barbecue flavored beard #RedneckIn3Words	3
Git er done #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Don't tell Mom. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Teeth are overrated @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	7
Runs with chainsaws. #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
God Bless Texas! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Kim Davis's Husband  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight http://t.co/81ZUjCEn7M	3
Squirrel and moonshine #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Pabst blue ribbon #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
My Sister's single #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Stars on Justified  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Forgot Sunscreen Silly #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Melanoma Removal Scars #Redneckin3Words @midnight	7
Deliverance: The Documentary #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Meth'd up Mondays #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
#RedneckIn3Words Felching Uncle Earl  @midnight	8
I luv Murica #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Roll Tide!  wait... Dang #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words flannel long underwear	3
@midnight Donald Trump supporters. #RedneckIn3Words	8
Solar? My NECK!  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight multiple COPS appearances #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words               Merica fuck yeah!	7
@midnight WalMart swimming pool #RedneckIn3Words	3
Everybody, my bruncle!  (brother + uncle) #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Sheets for curtains #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
National Beverage: Moonshine #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Toilet flower pots #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Here, watch this... @midnight #redneckin3words	3
Father brother in-law #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Truck Nuts Funeral #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Autotrader lifetime subscription #RedneckIn3Words  @midnight	3
@midnight Antique Spool Coffeetable #RedneckIn3Words	3
@midnight Gray wolf t-shirt #RedneckIn3Words	3
I do, Sis #Redneckin3words @midnight	8
@midnight NASCAR is on! #RedneckIn3Words	7
What's tree words #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Deep fried butter #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Votin' fer Trump #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Proud Father Uncle @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	8
@midnight #redneckin3words Hey, yer pretty @hardwick	3
My sister's sexy! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Road kill buffet #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Uncle Step Dad @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	8
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words nascar, guns, and beer.	8
Hold my Beer! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	3
Beard of wonders #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
Guns give orgasms #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
Not my president!  #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Third tractor dui #RedneckIn3Words	3
Two Finger Bowling! @midnight #RedneckIn3Words	3
That's my uncledad! #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
@midnight Hates Jon Stewart #RedneckIn3Words	8
@midnight Toothless mug shot #RedneckIn3Words	7
Foxworthy for prezadent #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #RedneckIn3Words automotive lawn art http://t.co/7KsyHyBtyG	3
Sister-cousin wife #RedneckIn3Words @midnight	8
House of Cars on Blocks #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Cow's Anatomy #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Are you a Fifth Grader #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Arrested Degenerate @midnight #rednecktvshows #tonyhale	8
Antique Road Kill #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Squirrel Meets World  #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Dexter's Methlaboratory #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Pretty Little Sisters #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
#Rednecktvshows @midnight  Once upon a tooth.	3
Monday Night Beer Can Football #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
All Southern Family Reunion/Wedding #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
@midnight #rednecktvshows @midnight duck hunting.	3
Overalls In The Family... #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Queer as Folk? Kill 'em! #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
How to get away with murdering hookers. #RedneckTVshows @midnight	8
Gunfight at the Golden Corral #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
The Amazing Race - ist #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
Reel TrailerWives of Texarkana #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
WWE presents Fishin' with Fat Guys #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
Arrested Mobile Home Development  #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
Orphan White @midnight #RedneckTVShows	8
Jim Crownanza! #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
@midnight   8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter  First rule. Nobody has sex with my daughter but me!  #RedneckTVShows	8
@midnight #RedneckTVShows Keeping up with  the Dukes of Hazzard	3
#Rednecktvshows @midnight  Saved by the cow bell.	3
Game of Trailers #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
How I met your Mother... at a family reunion #RedneckTVshows @midnight	8
Dancing With The Stars And Bars... #RedneckTVShows @midnight	3
Sisters/Wives  #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
Guns and Anarchy #RedneckTVshows @midnight	8
Deliverance Agnes  #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
#RedneckTVShows @midnight  Nashville.	1
Trailer, M.D. #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
The Amazing Racist @midnight #RedneckTVShows	8
Out HOUSE #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Person of Incest #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
@midnight #RedneckTVShows are you actually white, the DNA testing reality show	7
Sisterwife #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
How I Met Your Mother Cousin @midnight #RedneckTVShows	8
Two Yokel Girls #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
"Law &amp; Hoarder #RedneckTVShows @midnight"	7
@midnight #rednecktvshows Marvel's Agents of Duck Shield.	7
Are You Married to a Fifth Grader? #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
@midnight #RedneckTVShows are you smarter than a black person	8
Sex in the Barn #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
@midnight #RedneckTVShows Just the Farmer's Tan of Us	7
Marvel's Agents of D.E.A. #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Orange is the New Cammo #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
Queer Eye for the Heathens @midnight #RedneckTVShows	8
Klanned Parenthood #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
Fresh Off the Goat #RedneckTVshows @midnight	7
@midnight Daryl Dixon and the other folks #rednecktvshows	7
#rednecktvshows @midnight The Flash - ing I do in the trailer park.	7
South Trailer Park #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
"@midnight #redneckTvSHows ""yee-haw the next generation. """	7
The Walmartons... #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
@midnight Saved By The Dinner Bell #RedneckTVShows #PointsMe	7
How I Met Yo Mama (at a family reunion) @midnight #RedneckTVShows	8
MTV Cribs... Literal Cribs... Tons of 'em. @midnight #RedneckTVShows	7
VH1's Pickup Truck Artist #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
"@midnight #RedneckTVShows  ""We built it out of old pilot boards."""	7
Battlestar Fried-Cat-ica #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
My Actual Pony  #rednecktvshows @midnight	7
Bigot Brother #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
I Dream of GED  #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Thars Company @midnight #RedneckTVShows	7
Sailor Moonshine.@midnight  #RedneckTVShows	7
Gordon Ramsey's Trailer Nightmares @midnight #RedneckTVShows	7
Incest and the City #RedneckTVShows @midnight	8
Outhouse of Cards #RedneckTVShows @midnight #PointsMe	7
The Real Housewives of Hazard County #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Unbreakable Kimmy Davis #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
Two and a Half Teeth #RedneckTVShows @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Jake and the Somolian Pirates	1
@midnight Ex-Men #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight Just Us League #RuinaKidsShow	3
Dinosaur Train-Spotting @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	3
#ruinakidsshow @midnight GI Hoes, He-She Man and Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice	3
transformers: sextoys in disguise #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
@midnight Barney and Fiends. #ruinakidsshow	3
@midnight  #RuinAKidsShow Transgenders  (Robots in disguiiiise!)	7
The Wild Snozberries. #ruinakidsshow @midnight	3
@midnight Dora the Sexplorer. #RuinAKidsShow	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Good Luck with the Hepatitis-C Charlie	7
Malcolm in the Middle of the Human Centipede. #ruinakidsshow @midnight	7
Hey Arnold! Where you goin' with that gun in your hand? @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	8
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Tommy Wiseu the Tank Engine	3
"@midnight ""Compunction Junction"" #RuinAKidsShow"	3
@midnight The Wild Dingleberries #RuinAKidsShow	3
Clifford The Big Red Dong  @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	7
@Midnight Grown Up Alien Ninja Turtles by Michael Bay #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight fraggle rock of crack cocaine #ruinakidsshow	3
#RuinAKidsShow  Blue's Klus  @midnight	7
@midnight @aljackson @DanSoder @joederosacomedy Beauty and the Yeast infection #RuinAKidsShow	7
@midnight #ruinakidsshow Anything on Dickelodeon	7
#RuinAKidsShow  Dexter's Lavatory  @midnight	3
@midnight Seamen Street. #ruinakidsshow	7
Doug: divorced, middle-aged, sitting in his apartment with boxes of unsold self-published Quail Man comics #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
#RuinAKidsShow  Fireball OXY-5  @midnight	3
#ruinakidsshow @midnight He-Man and the Bastards of the Universe	3
#RuinAKidsShow  The Adventures of Finding Robin's Hood  @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Hannah Does Montana	3
"@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Son Of Sam &amp; Cat"	3
Rape Ape  @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	8
He-Man Rights Activist #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	8
Tiny Poon Adventures #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Spongebob NoPants on under his trench coat at the mall	7
The imagination moaners #ruinakidsshow @midnight	7
@Midnight Jackie Chan Adventures: The Panama Paper years #RuinAKidsShow	8
@midnight #ruinakidsshow Back Door-a the Explorer	7
Girls Gone Wild Kratts @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	3
Inspect Her Gadget #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	7
@midnight Blue Ball's Clues. #RuinAKidsShow	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Rugrats vs Pizza Rat	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Full(er) Trap House	7
#ruinakidsshow @midnight Hot-dog and the Mustards of the Universe	3
#RuinAKidsShow  Captain Bangaroo  @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Barney and The Purple Urkle	3
@midnight Sponge Bob No Pants #RuinaKidsShow	3
@Midnight Reboot-ing another franchise. #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Best Friends (With Benefits) Whenever	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Go harder, Diego, Go harder	7
#RuinAKidsShow  My Friend Fucka  @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow  Saved By The Belichick	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Donald Duckface Trump https://t.co/3MD1AxrvDW	8
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Chuggingtons of beer	3
#RuinAKidsShow  Castor the Friendly Oil  @midnight	3
Are you afraid of the customers? @midnight #ruinakidsshow #retail #retailproblems	3
#ruinakidsshow @midnight Snuff Can and the spit cups of the Universe	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow The Flintstoners	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Dora The Anal Explorer	7
Darkwing Fuck #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	3
Jake and The Never Land Butt Pirates #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	7
#ruinakidsshow @midnight The New Zoo Annual Stack Ranking Performance Review	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Rugrats In Paris Hilton's vagina	7
Bi-curious George #ruinakidsshow @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Sesame Streetwalker	8
@midnight pee wee Herman's Crack house #ruinakidsshow	8
"@midnight ""Conjunctivitis Junction"" #RuinAKidsShow"	3
@midnight The Gizzards of Waverly Place #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight Reading Crossbow #RuinaKidsShow	7
Stomper Room #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
@midnight My Little Bronie #RuinAKidsShow	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Cloudy With A Chance Of Hairy Balls	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Jorah the Explorer (greyscale animated show)	3
@midnight #ruinakidsshow Fraggle Crack Rock	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Barney and Bloodsucking Fiends	7
"@midnight #RuinAKidsShow MC Ren &amp; Stimpy"	3
#RuinAKidsShow Clifford the Big Red Doge @midnight	3
"@midnight #RuinAKidsShow The Suite Life Of 20-Sack &amp; Codeine"	3
@midnight The Great Blumpkin Charlie Brown #Ruinakidsshow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Paddington PedoBear	8
The Amazing Spider-Mensch @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight SuperHigh #ruinakidsshow	3
I.G. Hoe #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Romper Stomper Room	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow The Wild 'N Out Thornberrys	7
@hardwick Doc McButtStuffins #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
"@youngwildie @midnight #RuinAKidsShow Merry Poppers? ;)"	3
Rewatch Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids now that we know  #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	8
@midnight Popeye the Sailor Moon #RuinAKidsShow	3
#RuinAKidsShow  Wacky Race Cards  @midnight	3
@Midnight Darkwing Duckface #Ruinakidsshow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Thomas The Train-running Sex Addict	8
#RuinAKidsShow  Frag 'Em Rock  @midnight	3
Bill Nye, the sales guy @midnight @BillNye #ruinakidsshow #retail #retailproblems	3
#RuinAKidsShow  How'd He Doody?  @midnight	3
#RuinAKidsShow  Frictioned Fairy Taints  @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow electric kool aid acid test company.	8
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Alvin and the clit bumps	7
@midnight Dora Turning Tricks In The Explorer #ruinakidsshow	3
"@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Liv &amp; Maddie's slumber party at Jared Fogle's house"	3
Gloomy Toons @midnight #RuinAKidsShow https://t.co/yo1GGikMcI	7
@midnight Hey Arnold! Get out of the gender equality bathroom! #RuinAKidsShow	8
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Bella and the Bulldykes	3
Strawberry Shortfuse #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Powerpuffy Nipple Girls	3
@midnight  #RuinAKidsShow i tweeted sesame skidrow street but messed up the #	8
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood full of sex offenders	8
Tokemon. #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow He-Manning	3
@midnight Josie and the Pussyfarts #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Lego Batmangina	7
Fuck Tales #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	3
#RuinAKidsShow Courage the Social Justice Warrior @midnight	8
#RuinAKidsShow  George of the Bunghole  @midnight	7
@midnight reading disability rainbow #ruinakidsshow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Scooby Dooood Looks Like A Lady (Looking at you Bruce...err, Caitlyn)	7
@midnight New Zoo IRS Revue #ruinakidsshow	7
#ruinakidsshow @midnight Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood Watch	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow (Veggie Tales) Veggies in their tails	3
#RuinAKidsShow My Life as a Tumblr Feminist @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Jared Fogle's peewee playhouse	3
@midnight Boy Meets World of Warcraft and loses his social life #RuinAKidsShow	7
#RuinAKidsShow  Curious Gorge  @midnight	3
#ruinakidsshow @midnight He-Man and the Meth-heads of the Universe	3
Teller-tubbies @midnight #ruinakidsshow #retail #retailproblems	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Jared Fogle's I'll pay you $200 to ride My Little Pony	8
@midnight Clifford The Big Red Rocket #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight Barney and Friends, with Benefits. #RuinAKidsShow	7
"@midnight #RuinAKidsShow The Suite Life Of Zack &amp; Codeine"	3
"Ren &amp; Stumpy #RuinAKidsShow @midnight @hardwick"	3
Captain Kangaroo Court @midnight  #RuinAKidsShow	3
@midnight #RuinAKidsShow Netflix and Chill Nye the Science Guy	7
@midnight Strawberry Urinal-cake #RuinAKidsShow	7
Clifford The Big Dead Dog #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
Babadook The Builder #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	3
That's So Wes Craven @midnight  #RuinAKidsShow	3
Don't Ask, Don't Teletubbies  @midnight  #RuinAKidsShow	3
The Big Comfy Crotch #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
Boy Meets World War II @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	7
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends Who Eventually Age-Out of the System and Succumb to a Life of Crime @midnight #RuinAKidsShow	8
Duckface Tales #RuinAKidsShow  @midnight	3
@midnight Yosemite Son of Sam #RuinAKidsShow	3
Ren in Stimpy #RuinAKidsShow @midnight	7
Tony Hawk's Pro Mater #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
"@midnight @burnie @GavinFree @bdunkelman ""Silent Hills"" #RuinAVideoGame #FuckYouKonami"	3
Final Fantasy Island #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
#ruinavideogame @midnight Legging of Zelda	3
Crash Pounding-coot #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
ER for the Atari 2600 #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Doggy-Land-Minecraft #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
You Don't Know Jill Either. #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame Injustice: Cops Among Us	3
@midnight Kindom Sharts #ruinavideogame	3
@midnight Luigi's studio apartment #RuinAVideoGame	3
L.A. Choir #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Light Drizzle @midnight #RuinAVideoGame	3
Hemorrhoids.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Angry Turds #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Arkham Aesthetics.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Brand New Auto.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Plants Vs. Government.. #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Time Housing Crisis  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	8
@midnight Need for Speedo #RuinAVideoGame	7
Zelda: Red Light Princess #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Frugger #RuinAVideoGame @mavissav @midnight https://t.co/5c3X7xY2Ev	3
Wii Fuck #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Waitcraft #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Tony Hawk's Prostate Exam.. #Ruinavideogame @midnight	7
#RuinAVideoGame Mineshaft Collapse-Craft @midnight	3
Fudge Pac-Man.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Call of Doody: Ghost Peppers #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame OverBeingWatched	3
Grand Theft Autofellatio @midnight #HashtagWars #RuinAVideoGame	7
#RuinAVideoGame Injustice: Dogs Among Us @midnight	3
#ruinavideogame @midnight Pegged	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame FTL: Faster Than Larry	7
@midnight #ruinavideogame Halo: The Master Chef Collection	7
The legend of Trump #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Mario Swingers Party #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Higher Emblem: Half-Baked #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Super Breakup #RuinAVideoGame @Midnight #HashtagWars	7
Vice President Evil.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	8
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame Sonic Lost Cause	3
World of Crafts.  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Crack-y Crush Saga #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Contra...band #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Mass Erect #RuinAVideogame @midnight	7
Tetnis #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight Hulk Hogan's Alley #RuinAVideoGame	3
Launch day DLC #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
#RuinAVideoGame Metal Gear Solid Waste from your butthole @midnight	7
Passive Aggressive Birds #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Grass Effect:  the scifi game where you watch grass grow.  @midnight #RuinAVideoGame	7
Breakup #RuinAVideoGame @Midnight #HashtagWars	7
Smash Bros fraternity addition #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Super Stash Bros. #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Minekampft #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Call of Doodie  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight https://t.co/dHidD5ia8p	3
Frogger Style #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Tony Hawk's Pro Crastinator.@midnight  #RuinAVideoGame	7
Wii Sportsbra #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Olde-Tymey Warfare 3 #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Secret of menstruating  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Kirby WWE Superstar #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Call of Duty: Post-Ops #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Ratchet and my crank! #ruinavideogame @midnight	3
Donkey Beer Pong Kong #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Alan Wakeboarding @midnight #RuinAVideoGame	3
Super Street Artist II Turbo Hipster Championship Edition #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
FallOut Of The EU: Brexit #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Rock Hard Band #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight Skyrimjob #ruinavideogame	3
Mario shopping kart #ruinavideogame @midnight	3
Brad Pitt fall #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Grand Theft Auto: based on the movie San Andreas #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
"Batman: Arkham ""we're totally giving you an original villain"" Knight. @midnight #RuinAVideoGame"	7
#ruinavideogame @midnight Pt Man	3
Sonic The Hedge Fund Manager #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
@midnight GOP of War #ruinavideogame	7
@midnight Grand Theft Auto is a felony, you should always obey the law. #RuinAVideoGame	7
@midnight God of Bore: Falling Asleep #RuinAVideoGame	7
Ecco the Tuna #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Donkey Punch Country #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Avenue Q-bert #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame Quantic Dream presents a David Cage game...	3
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Breaker #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
E.T. The Erecting-Terrestrial  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight https://t.co/e2WvGkofE0	3
Browneye @midnight #RuinAVideoGame	3
PharmVille #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
#ruinavideogame @midnight Twisted Fellow	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame Star Wars: The George Unleashed	3
Golden Axe Body Spray #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
@pileckis @midnight #RuinAVideoGame Personal Space Invaders	3
#RuinAVideoGame Kardashian Warriors @midnight	7
@midnight  SUPER MARIO LOPEZ    #RuinAVideoGame	7
WMBA #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Watchdogs Eat Their Owner. #ruinavideogame #addgameofthrones @midnight @hardwick	7
@midnight Dildozer #RuinAVideoGame	3
Grand Theft Auto-erotic Asphyxiation #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
Ray Rice's Punch-out!! #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
The Farcrying Game  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
"Rocksteady's new DC licensed title ""Detective Chimp"" (JK, I would love a Detective Chimp video game.) #RuinAVideoGame @midnight"	7
#RuinAVideoGame Animal House Crossing @midnight	3
Dr. Mario's Waiting Room #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Brain Damage #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
@midnight Grand Theft Autoerotic asphyxiation #ruinavideogame	7
#ruinavideogame @midnight Metal Richard Gear Solid	3
The Hairy Orange Box #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Suck-It Ralph #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Sim Shitty #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinAVideoGame   SafeSpace Invaders	3
Wii F**k #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	7
@midnight Donkey Dong #RuinAVideoGame	3
World of Arts & Craft #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@Midnight #PointsMe #RuinAVideoGame Halo by @Adele	3
Rouge  #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Leisure Suit Larry David @midnight  #RuinAVideoGame	3
Grand theft auto zone #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Oregon Trailer Park #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Metal Beer Solid @midnight #RuinAVideoGame	3
Assassins Peed #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
Mario Lemon Party #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
USE YOUR WORDS with Friends #RuinAVideoGame @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinShakespeare King John Smith https://t.co/kuOyKsIihN	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""King Rocky IV, King Rocky V, King Rocky VI, King Rocky VIII"""	3
A Midsummer Night's Wet Dream #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
#RuinShakespeare @midnight  Much Apu About Nothing	3
#RuinShakespeare @midnight  To be or not to be, that is the qumment	3
We'd really prefer if you didn't #RuinShakespeare, @midnight. We're saving it for happy hour... #ShakespeareStout https://t.co/r9jGsPSIHi	7
Hamlite: A Breakthrough in Pork Illumination   #RuinShakespeare  @midnight	3
@midnight TesticlEs, Prince of Fyre #RuinShakespeare	3
@midnight #RuinShakespeare That's the way, uh huh uh huh, As You Like It	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""Merry Wives of Robert Blake"""	3
@pileckis #RuinShakespeare All the World's A Roid Rage @midnight 	3
@midnight #RuinShakespeare Two Gentlemen of Verona and a Baby	3
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust into them. #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
@midnight #RuinShakespeare Charmander!  King Lear attack now! https://t.co/wtDbOqjJLm	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""Proctologist of Venice"""	7
See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand! O that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might touch that stink! #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
Hamlet and cheese  #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight  ""You, minion, are too saucy."" https://t.co/zCXCxTxLU4"	3
@midnight Now is the spring of our discontent / Made atrocious winter by this daughter of Lannister #RuinShakespeare	3
@midnight My Kingdom for a horse! Wait, I'll just use Uber.  #RuinShakespeare	3
A Midsummer's Night's Cream #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
"@midnight Li'l Romeo &amp; Juliet #RuinShakespeare"	3
#RuinShakespeare @midnight The Confessions of an Erotic Codpiece Washer	3
The Taming of the Poo #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
#RuinShakespeare A game by any other name would pale in comparison to @midnight	3
Piglet #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
2d6 or not 2d6?  That is the damage roll #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
Coriol, anus.    #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinShakespeare As You Favorite It	3
Penis Mightier #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
"@midnight @hardwick ""What men may do! What men daily do, not knowing what they do!"" #RuinShakespeare https://t.co/62svwDUBJT"	7
#RuinShakespeare @midnight Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead. Hey wait, look everyone, I think I see one of them breathing	8
Juliet: Wherefore art thou Romeo? Romeo: Who Dis!?  #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
Ass: You Like It #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""Taming of the E. U."""	7
"D'oh! Apologies to @BobMooreNews! It was SUPPOSED to be ""A Mid-Summer Night's Meme #RuinShakespeare @midnight"" ... #FatFingerProblems"	4
"Our Asshead/Nick Bottom, from ""Midsummer Night's Pubcrawl: 5 Acts, 5 Bars"" #RuinShakespeare @midnight #culturedAF https://t.co/oFQFm0zM8c"	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""Drumpf/Trump, what's in a name?  If this candidate was a Democrat, would he not still be orange?"""	7
To tweet or not to tweet. #RuinShakespeare @midnight @NikkiGlaser https://t.co/jIyPZKm1Kn	3
 @midnight #RuinShakespeare  Taming Gwyneth Paltrow's  Juice Cleanse...  (Much a a do do about nuttin )	7
@midnight The Merchant of Venice Beach #RuinShakespeare	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""A Mid-Summer Nights', Twin-Transsexual, Neo-Communist , Vegan Convention."""	7
Corey Lee's Anus   #RuinShakespeare   @midnight	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight ""Twelfth Night of Labor Contractions"""	3
The Taming of the Shrewd Donald Trump #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
Was wondering why a two-month-old #RuinShakespeare tweet was suddenly getting so much love. Now I know to blame @hardwick and @midnight.	0
The Comedy of Airors #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
"@midnight @hardwick ""But, soft! what light through yonder Windows Vista breaks?"" #RuinShakespeare"	3
O...T, Hello  #RuinShakespeare  @midnight	3
@midnight #RuinShakespeare Twelfth Night at Freddy's	3
Do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe? I mean, I totally am, but do you think so? #RuinShakespeare @midnight	7
@midnight Julius Squeezer #RuinShakespeare	3
Exit, Pursued By Bear #RuinShakespeare @midnight https://t.co/ylRGzcVemq	3
And with the juice of this, I'll streak her eyes, and make her full of hateful fantasies #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
The Real Merry Housewives Of Windsor #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
The Online Merchant of Venice  #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
To even or not to even @midnight #RuinShakespeare	3
"#RuinShakespeare @midnight Juliet - ""O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou, Romeo?"" Romeo - ""New phone, who 'dis?"""	7
A nose by any other name would still smell. @midnight #RuinShakespeare	3
A Comedy of Error HTTP 404 Not Found    #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
Out damn Spot *dog runs away #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
"#RuinShakespeare ""If music be the food of love, I gotta have more cowbell"" @midnight"	7
All the world's a vine, men and women merely content creators #RuinShakespeare @midnight	3
President Trump, welcome to Washington #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words Star Wars 7 With JarJar.	7
The test isnt open book. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
Lather. Rinse. Repeat. Reattach head. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	4
Star Wars Force Awakens Canceled #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Sleep over at Bill Cosby's @midnight  #ScaryStoryIn5Words	8
Drunk Shriners Driving Small Cars @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words  #NeverForget https://t.co/KHS4x2qDQS	1
Britney shaves her hair, again. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
Kim Kardashian is having triplets! #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
David Brent in porn flick #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/QeNIqkot0Y	7
Tomorrow Twitter merges with Facebook #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words Star Wars VII: series finale	1
@midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words Taco Bell owns Chipolte now.	1
Me sleeping picture, live alone #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	8
Moby Dick Marathon Part 2 #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Mamma I killed a man #ScaryStoryIn5Words #Queen @midnight	7
Crocs become business casual attire #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
I jerked off a ghost. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
Wifi was shut off, FOREVER  #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	7
#NetNeutrality no more exists! #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	8
Trump as prez, Palin veep #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	8
@midnight Letter from Child Support Enforcement  #ScaryStoryIn5Words	7
"quoth the raven; never more @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words"	3
Waking up minutes before alarm #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
President Trump Spends the Night !!!!#ScaryStoryIn5Words #thewalkingdead @midnight	7
Pumpkin Spice Latte disperse forever! @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words #whitegirlproblems	7
My neighbor is a Clown! #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
"@mercedesmason iPhone says ""Get off Twitter"" #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight"	1
Facebook out, MySpace back in. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
"Living Alone; Toilet was warm .#ScaryStoryIn5words @midnight"	3
Mother visits me, stays FOREVER  #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	7
"Bedroom door opens; home alone.  #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight"	3
Hear your dog whisper: alimony  #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	3
The dress starts trending again #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/MiiqmL6VWl	1
Accident causes sphincter control loss  #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	3
Stay alone at home, night, and hear a sound. @mercedesmason @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words	3
Subtweet came from INSIDE house #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Break's over, back to college @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words	7
#ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight My wife rescued another cat.	7
Help us export to Brazil #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/WWfZhMlbno https://t.co/9RSLmyb2C5	7
ur mom saw ur history #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Came back from Hell, pregnant. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
I do not have AppleCare.  #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Thrice Oscar nominee Bradley Cooper.  #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
@midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words Great grandmas moist moose knuckle.	3
#ScaryStoryIn5Words Jar Jar Binks spin-off movie. @midnight	7
Star Wars 7 delayed indefinitely. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
One Direction is breaking up forever #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
We remember that embarrassing thing #ScaryStoryIn5Words  @midnight	3
Luke I'm not your father #ScaryStoryIn5Words #StarWars @midnight	3
#ScaryStoryIn5Words Just started using Facebook again @midnight	1
@midnight Tweeted from the wrong account #ScaryStoryIn5Words	1
I have decided to reproduce. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
The government bans fantasy football. #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
#ScaryStoryIn5Words Your Wife Didn't Make It @midnight	8
I saw myself on @midnight #ScaryStoryIn5Words https://t.co/UYv3f0Atnm	7
Knock knock, it's a Palestinian.  #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
You left the toilet seat up  #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
Public speaking with no clothes... #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
@midnight Leonard Part 6: Part 2!!! #ScaryStoryIn5Words	3
@midnight Cubs Win the World Series #ScaryStoryIn5Words #STLCards	7
@mercedesmason @midnight Someone is Under The bed #ScaryStoryIn5Words 	3
Traffic jam after Bean Burrito... #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	3
Shyamalan to direct Signs sequel #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	7
Just look at the flowers #ScaryStoryIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight Where The Wild Things Used To Be But Aren't Anymore Thanks to Anthropogenic Climate Change #ScienceABook	8
A Wrinkle in Space-Time #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	8
The Sisterhood Of The Tantalum Pants #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight The Hunger Genes #ScienceABook	3
The Da Vinci Genetic Code #ScienceABook @midnight #PointsMe	3
The 7 Habits of Highly Theoretical People #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight Genetically Engineered Green Eggs and Ham #ScienceABook	7
@HomeProbably  IMO u should be winner #ScienceABook @midnight	3
He's just not that into U... U is uranium on the periodic table...  @midnight #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
Infinite gestation #ScienceABook @midnight	3
At the mountains of a psychological disorder. #ScienceABook @midnight	7
Harry Potter and the Order of Operations @midnight #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Supernovas #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Dolores chlorophyll #ScienceABook	3
The diary of Neil Degrasse Tyson #ScienceABook @midnight #PointsMe	3
The Graduate-d Cylinder #ScienceABook  #PointsMe @midnight	3
A More Convenient Truth: Planet is Warm, Sun is Hot, and Money Comes From Gold. #ScienceABook @midnight	7
Radian of Repose #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Catch 22, Sodium 23 #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Cassini-Huygens of Navarone @midnight #ScienceABook	3
#ScienceABook The Unbearable Lightness of Helium @midnight	3
The world according to the theory of garp! #ScienceABook @midnight  @mightydrthor	3
A Tale of Two Colliding Particles #ScienceABook #hashtagwars @midnight	3
@midnight The Amazing Arachnid-Human Hybrid #ScienceABook	3
@midnight #ScienceABook #PointsMe Goodnight Moon and Other Celestial Bodies	3
The Higgs Boson's Guide to the Galaxy #ScienceABook @midnight	3
#ScienceABook @midnight.                       A Song of Fire and Isotopes	3
The Adventures of Higgs-boson Finn #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	3
Being mortar and pestle #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight The Catcher in the Nye #ScienceABook	3
@midnight #pointsme #scienceabook Harry Potter and the Chamber of Coelacanths	3
The Scarlet Atomic Number #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceABook If I did it (In the Laboratory)	7
@midnight #ScienceABook  Schrdinger's Cat in the Hat	3
Freak the Mitochondria #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Grapes Of Math #ScienceABook @midnight	3
#ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight  One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Petri Dish	3
The Saganic Verses #ScienceABook  @midnight	3
Great Expectations as x Goes to Inifinity #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Great expectations of a predictable outcome #ScienceABook @midnight @mightydrthor	7
The Bell Curve #ScienceABook @midnight	7
Harry Potter and the quartz rich stone @midnight #ScienceABook	3
@midnight The Hour After Sunset and before Sunrise -Stephanie Meyer #ScienceABook	3
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Hypothesis, Experiment, Record Data, and Publish Results for Peer Review  #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	7
The Hunchback of Notre Hadron #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight The House on Mangifera Indica Street #ScienceABook	3
I Am Academia (and so can you!) #ScienceABook @midnight	1
From Helium to Eternity #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Old Mother Hubble Telescope @midnight #ScienceABook	3
A Tale of Two Petris #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight Do Robots Dream of Electric Ovis Aries #ScienceABook	3
"@midnight ""World War Zn"" #ScienceABook"	3
#ScienceABook @midnight #PointsMe  HydroGen X. Cops https://t.co/uH3kUxebc4	3
Nancy Drew and the Mystery of Professional Underrepresentation #ScienceABook @midnight	8
I Hope They Serve Beer in The Dimension Under Ours. #ScienceABook  #PointsMe @midnight	7
@midnight The Nerdist Way: How to Reach Transcendence #ScienceABook	3
Brave New Macrocosm  #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight The Lord of the Ring Galaxies #ScienceABook	3
Charles and evolution @midnight #ScienceABook	3
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Combustion @midnight #ScienceABook	3
@midnight #ScienceABook The Lord of Saturn's Rings #PointsMe	3
Paradox Lost #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Secretion @midnight #ScienceABook	3
Microscopic Women @midnight @hardwick #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
The Book Qua-Czar #ScienceABook @midnight	4
What to Expect When You're Experimenting #ScienceABook @midnight	7
The Little Enzyme That Could #ScienceABook @midnight	4
@midnight #ScienceABook 50 shades of gray anatomy	4
Lord of the Ring Planets #ScienceABook @midnight	4
@midnight The Bible With a Forward by Charles Darwin #ScienceABook	7
The Big Bang Bible #ScienceABook @midnight	7
The Bible: Now With Dinosaurs #ScienceABook @midnight	7
A Texas textbook with actual facts in it #ScienceABook @midnight	8
Ingest Nutrition, Supplicate to a Nonexistent Deity, Feel the Effects of Oxytocin @midnight #ScienceABook	8
@midnight Empirical Hypothesis-Driven Tests of First Philosophy #ScienceABook	7
@midnight The Organs of Species #ScienceABook	3
Adventures of Huckleberry Darwin #ScienceABook @midnight	3
H2O-ship Down #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	3
Plateletlle Woman #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Harry Potter And The Phosphorous Stone #ScienceABook @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Tales of a Fourth Grade Quantum-Mechanical Vacuum"" #ScienceABook"	3
@midnight #ScienceABook Willy Wonka and The fermentation of cocoa nuts powder Factory	7
I know it's for @midnight but #ScienceABook reminds me of how often I read articles by scientists who think they've just invented rhetoric.	0
@midnight Lord of the String Theory #ScienceABook	3
@midnight #ScienceABook If I Did It in the Laboratory with a Pestule	7
The Prince and the Particle Accelerator #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight 3.7x10^-4 AU Under the Sea #ScienceABook	3
Henry cavendish and the chamber of hydrogen #ScienceABook #PointsMe @midnight	3
Life of 3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197169399375105820974944592307816406286 2089986280348253421170679821...#ScienceABook @midnight	3
Bossy Plants #ScienceABook @midnight	3
MCMLXXXIV #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Heaven is not Real (just a belief) #ScienceABook @midnight	7
The Hyperphagia Games  #ScienceABook @midnight	3
War Horse Head Nebula @midnight #ScienceABook #hashtagwars	3
Lord of the Rings of Saturn  #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Of mice and Homo sapiens #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Climate Change* (but were afraid to ask) #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Gravity's Rainbow. #ScienceABook @midnight did I do it right?	3
Charlotte's WebMD #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Hitchhiker's Guide to Astrophysics @midnight #ScienceABook	3
How To Extirpate A Mockingbird  #ScienceABook @midnight https://t.co/wefsYBFWZc	3
Higgs boson with the wind @midnight #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
The World According to Quark #ScienceABook @midnight	3
To Kill A Hawkingbird #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Barn Bunsen Burner #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight A Tale of Two Shrodinger's Cats #ScienceABook	3
The Panthero Leo, The Alchemist And The Wardrobe Of Science #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Catch 484^0.5 @midnight #ScienceABook #toolate	3
The Divinci Gold Ratio #ScienceABook @midnight https://t.co/bEeFPssGBK	3
David (CU)field #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Game Theory of Thrones @midnight #ScienceABook	3
@midnight The Picture of Dorian Grey's Anatomy #ScienceABook	3
#ScienceABook @midnight Tesla of the d'Urbervilles	3
@midnight The Lord of the Rings of Saturn #ScienceABook	3
@midnight Of Lab Mice and Men #ScienceABook	3
Don oxidizediqoti #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Pi Of Life #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Harry Potter and The Theory of Everything. #ScienceABook  @midnight	3
@midnight Slow Chromatically Shifted Pisces, Fast Chromatically Shifted Pisces, I Pisces, II Pisces #ScienceABook	3
The Maltese Millennium Falcon #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Big REMS #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Deathly Airborne Pathogens #ScienceABook @midnight	7
Literature and mad science collide on @midnight. #ScienceABook @EugeneMirman https://t.co/egsrdYxck3 https://t.co/tDFBNeaPcP	0
@midnight The Lord of the Musca Domestica Linnaeus #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
@midnight Lord Of The Hydrocarbon Rings #ScienceABook #PointsMe	3
@midnight Electronomicon: The book of the Ted Talks #ScienceABook	3
Jane Eyreodynamics #ScienceABook  @midnight	3
A Clockwork Agent Orange #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Harry Potter and the Peer Reviewed Theory of Paleomagnetic Reversals #ScienceABook @midnight #PointsMe	7
Philae Lander's Guide to the Galaxy #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Flowers For Algebra #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Moby Penis @midnight  #ScienceABook	3
The league of extraordinary particles #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight Higgs-Boson Crusoe #ScienceABook	3
@midnight 1x10^3+1 Arabian Nights #ScienceABook	3
Pi, Claudius #ScienceABook @midnight	3
The Refractory Man #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Pride and Polarity #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Of Laboratory Mice and Men #ScienceABook @midnight	3
Celsius 232.777777777777 #ScienceABook @midnight	3
@midnight Of Mice and Men in Lab Coats #ScienceABook	3
"@midnight @hardwick ""Horton Hears A @WHO"" #ScienceABook #PointsMe"	3
#ScienceABook @midnight lord of the antropoda dipteras	3
@midnight #ScienceABook We don't need no stinking #PointsMe Treasure of Sine Cosine	7
Event Catering Horizon #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Neil deGrasse @TysonFoods #ScienceFoods	3
@midnight Free-radical chicken #ScienceFoods	7
Quarker Oats  #ScienceFoods  @midnight	3
Marconi and Cheese #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Bunsen burgers. #ScienceFoods @midnight	1
#ScienceFoods  ErlenMayer Wiener flask  .@midnight https://t.co/zt5jcmDx9M	3
@midnight Egg drop at a height of 1.31 m with gravity = 9.8 m/s2, solve for time of soup #ScienceFoods	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Albert Einstein Bagels	3
@midnight (6.0221417910[23])-asses cookies #ScienceFoods	3
Decaffeinated Dark Matter #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Umbraccoli Casserole @midnight #ScienceFoods	3
@neiltyson Frozen Planet Dinners #ScienceFoods @midnight	7
Absolute Zerollatini #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods Fig Newton 's @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods E=mcnuggets	3
#ScienceFoods Pythagoras-fed beef @midnight	3
Petri Hotdish #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Pythagorean BBQ #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Microscope Brew #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Sloppy Joules  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods @midnight Geothermal Energy Bars	3
Madame Curry Chicken  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Faster-Than-Lite Salad Dressing #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Large Hadron Cucumber #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Death by dark matter cake #ScienceFoods @midnight	7
Bill Nye the Science Guy Fieri #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Sagan noodle house #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Pie  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
"Earth Bread "" now with more crust and a hot molten center #ScienceFoods @midnight"	3
Alexander Graham Cracker Bell, no Alexander Graham Taco Bell! #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Newton's apple pi #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Uni-fried veal theory. #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Quasartichokes #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Chocolate SiliconChip Cookies   #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight Au-Schlger #ScienceFoods	3
Spacecraft Beer #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Newton's first law of gravy  #ScienceFoods. @midnight	3
Ag dollar pancakes #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight black donut-holes #ScienceFoods	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods pi-sa	3
Dairy Quark. #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods Black Whole Foods @midnight	3
@midnight Gummy Wormholes. #ScienceFoods	3
Genetically Modified Candy Corn  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Entenmannology #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight Hubble bubba gum #ScienceFoods	3
DIPPIN' DOTS, THE ICE CREAM OF THE FUTURE! #ScienceFoods @midnight	1
QuantYUM Mechanics #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Sentient alphabet soup #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Einstein's Cereal of Relativity #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Black Hole Beans Burger  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight  Fig Newton #ScienceFoods	3
Nuclear sub. #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight Pear-iodic Table of the E-lemon-ts #ScienceFoods	3
Bananotech #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods @midnight   Piri periodic	3
Monsanto Dogs  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Dark Matter Chocolate:  Theoretically the best chocolate in the known universe.  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods Nikola Teslaw @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Doughnut Blackholes	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Teslaw	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Newton's Apple Figs	3
@midnight da Vinci dogs #ScienceFoods	3
Bill Nye the Sciene Pie @midnight #ScienceFoods	3
Double Stuffed Helix #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight I Can't Believe it's not a Flat Earth. #ScienceFoods	7
@midnight #ScienceFoods Moon Pi	3
@midnight Smarties #ScienceFoods	3
Lab Ratatouille #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods @midnight  Free Lagrange Chicken	3
Granulated cylinder #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Pie crust of the earth #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Michio Taco #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Ribeye steak, medium rare.  BECAUSE IT'S MADE OF ATOMS, CHRIS! #ScienceFoods @midnight	7
neil degrasse tyson chicken nuggets #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
calamari currie  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
binomial nomencultured yogurt  #ScienceFoods @midnight #HashTagWars	3
#ScienceFoods Alexander Flemingnon @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Bill Nye the Science Guy Fieri. @GuyFieri	3
Fibonachos with diced Avogadro #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods. @midnight   EggsPiriMince	3
Organic Selection #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods Teslasagna @midnight	3
One Dozen Tardigrade-A Eggs @midnight #ScienceFoods	3
Calculate the Distance to the Moon Pie #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Newton's Fig Newtons #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods Gallileo stones (ouch! They're painful!) @midnight	3
Banatom Split Sunday @midnight  #ScienceFoods	3
@midnight Anything made with the large hadron colander #ScienceFoods	3
Calzone of Saturation #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
E.Colime Margarita #ScienceFoods @midnight (@zacharyburrabel ball's to you)	3
Fig Newtons Law @midnight  #ScienceFoods	3
Possible Life on Mars Bar #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
String Cheese Theory #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods Black Donut Hole	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods  Chemical Formula for Coffee: CoFe	3
@midnight Schrodinger's Cat Kebab #ScienceFoods	7
The Periodic Farm-to-Table #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods  Honey Nut Galileos	3
Quantum pounder with cheese #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
"#ScienceFoods Butylated Hydroxytoluene found in JetFuel, Embalming fluid &amp; Kellogg's Fruit Loops  .@midnight https://t.co/B5fPKFevoI"	7
Faraday sage #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #ScienceFoods  Marie Jungle Curie	3
Tungsten Sandwich #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Schroedinger's Catsup  #ScienceFoods @midnight #HashTagWars	3
Pavlov's Hot Dogs #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
CERN on the cob. #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Cold Thai Fusion #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods The Philadelphia Cream Cheese Experiment @midnight	3
Medulla oblon-guava #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
B B Quasar #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Buns and Burners #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Avocado's number #sciencefoods @midnight	3
Darwin Donuts #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Mars Bar #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Einstein of beer   #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Niels Bohrange Juice #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Deoxyribonucleic Asparagus #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Bohrs Head Cheese #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
The Hubble Bubba Telescope #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight Neil deGrasse Thai Chicken Smothered Flat-B.o.B-Bread #ScienceFoods	3
"#ScienceFoods @midnight Marie ""radioactive "" spicy Curry"	3
blue plate tectonics  #ScienceFoods @midnight #HashTagWars	3
Dr. Michio Kakoolers #ScienceFoods @midnight @michiokaku	3
@midnight honey nut cosmos #ScienceFoods	3
Hostess H 2 HoHos #ScienceFoods  @midnight	3
Twinkie, Twinkie little star  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods @midnight Hot Cross Bunsen Burner	3
Hubblegum #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Kraft Singularities  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
#ScienceFoods @midnight Hertz Ketchup	3
Pascalzones #ScienceFoods @midnight #pointsme	3
Primordial Soup #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Theorio's  #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Coulomb's inverse-lemon-square law #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
The Manhattan Clam Chowder Project #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
Beetle-Juice box #ScienceFoods @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays  Keaster	1
Chanucocks. You're going need more than 8 days of oil.   #SexyHolidays @midnight	7
Bondage Veteran's Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Any hole-y Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Dingle Swells #PointsMe	7
@midnight #sexyholidays stocking stuffers	3
Yeaster  #SexyHolidays @midnight @pointsme	3
Cream Pi Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
GroundHug Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Box-ing Day ( How can you improve upon that?) #SexyHolidays @midnight @pointsme	7
St. Poke your ass day I'll pinch you if your not wearing cream #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	7
Happy Birthday Mr Presidents Day #sexyholidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
Spanksgiving #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Labial Independence Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
St. Pat's Dick Day #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
Grounghoggie Style Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Santa's Elves.  They're just so damn sexy.   #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
National Bareback Humpalot Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Girth Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
What what in the butt day #SexyHolidays @midnight	7
GrindrHog's Day - #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight Carving a Halloween Blumpkin #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
Fappy Xmas (War is over) #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
"Bob Crotchit gets a face full of figgy puddin' from Ebeneezer Spooge in Charles Dick-Ins ""A Fistmas Carol""  #SexyHolidays @midnight"	7
It's the Great Blumpkin, Charlie Brown #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Swalloween #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Handel's Massage #sexyholidays #pointsme @midnight	3
@midnight  #SexyHolidays DDD-Day	3
Huge D-Day #sexyholidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
2 Girls, 1 Starbucks Red Cup #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
Mardi Bra #sexyholidays @midnight	3
All Taints Day #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
Palm Job Sunday #sexyholidays @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays milf and cookies	3
@midnight #SexyHolidays #PointsMe Santa Claus Is Cumming To Town	3
Corn Holy Saturday #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Spanxgiving #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Push Shoshana #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays All I want for Christmas is hot sex	3
Purim-plants #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Arbwhore Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
"The Twelve Inches of Christmas #SexyHolidays @midnight (She says, ""Centimeters, you're looking at Centimeters."")"	7
Thanks-gstring #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight The Festival of Fleshlights #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
#sexyholidays  @midnight Grandmama was gang banged by the reindeer mascot.	7
Day of the Head #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight Jesus F*cking Christmas #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
Taint Paddy's Lay #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
@midnight BBD Friday #sexyholidays	3
Fistivas #sexyholidays @midnight	3
@midnight North pole-dancers #sexyholidays	3
@midnight  The little hummer boy, likes it in the bum,bum,bum,bum... til he cums #SexyHolidays	3
@midnight Rated-Xmas #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight ASS Wednesday #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight Hallowiener #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight Rudolf, the red hot butthole #sexyholidays	3
Susan Pee On Anthony's Day #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Just the mistletip.	3
XXX-Mas #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
@midnight Mem-oral-ial Day #sexyholidays	3
Box Day  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Whoreth of July #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Hanuknock On My Back Door #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
Pantsgiving #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight Oh Christmas G-string, oh Christmas G-string #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
Netflix and chill day @midnight  #SexyHolidays	1
International Bang Like a Pirate Day  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Cum all ye faithful #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Remember, Remember the 5th time you bend her. #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight Mardi Gras anal beads (it's right there!) #sexyholidays	7
Hannubukkake #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
"All Holes Day #SexyHolidays @midnight  (or if I heard it wrong, ""All Hoes Day."")"	3
St. Baddies Day  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Ass Wednesday.  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Silver balls, silver balls, it's time for some Tinman role play."" #sexyholidays #PointsMe"	7
#SexyHolidays Blue Balls Santa @midnight #PointsMe	7
Valengrind's Day #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #sexyholidays TurKEY Party #PointsMe	3
Guy Fucks Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Cleanly Shaved Box-ing Day #PointsMe #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Double-D Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight  Flag Pole Day #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@jniffen: @midnight #sexyholidays Just the mistletip. #PointsMe	3
@midnight It's the great blumpkin Charlie Brown! #sexyholidays	1
Thanksgiving and receiving oral @midnight #sexyholidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight #sexyholidays elf on a milf	3
@midnight Hanukkum, the Festival of Tight #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight. Take your daughter to Twerk day. #sexyholidays	7
@midnight #sexyholidays island of misfit dildos	3
Good King Wenceslas went down on his wife mariaaa  #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight The Nutbuster Suite #sexyholidays #PointsMe	3
Friday the 69th  #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
"@midnight #SexyHolidays   @hughhefner with the ""Holly"" and the ""Ivy"""	3
Nude Year's Day #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Thanksgiving head #PointsMe	3
#SexyHolidays Don we now our bondage apparel @midnight #PointsMe	3
Sweetest's Safe Word Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Grandma took a facial from a reindeer #PointsMe #SexyHolidays @midnight	8
Fistmas  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Rosh Handjobanah  #SexyHolidays @midnight @pointsme	3
Victoria Secret Day. #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
...like a bowl full of KY Jelly #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
VD-Day #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
New Year's Lay. #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
Charlie Brown Hole Christmas #sexyholidays #pointsme @midnight	3
 It's beginning to look a lot like chlamydia  #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
Flag in my vag Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
St. Patty Cake Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Mister President's Day #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe https://t.co/MygqhpVKGB	3
#SexyHolidays Blue Balls Christmas @midnight #PointsMe	3
"@midnight ""Elf on Myself"" #sexyholidays"	3
#PointsMe  #sexyholidays @midnight  Fistival of Lights	3
... and when it's hard and ready, with your dreidel I will play. #SexyHolidays @midnight @hardwick	3
@midnight It's beginning to look a lot like dat ass #SexyHolidays	3
Jingle Bell Cock #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Veterans Who Like Butt Stuff Day	3
Under The Camel Toe #sexyholidays #pointsme @midnight	1
Autoerotic asphyxiating the stockings #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	7
Yum Kippur  #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
Silver Balls #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Feel Us NavyDad  #sexyholidays @midnight #pointsme #hashtagknights #qweeflatina	3
I'll try not to get gravy in your eyes. #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	7
Jingle Ball Gag #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
All Poles Day  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Halloweenie #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
Harvey MILF Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
DP-Day #sexyholidays @midnight	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Christmas light #BDSM	3
Brabor Day #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
The Three Legs Men #SexyHolidays @midnight #PointsMe	3
Rosie Palm and Her Five Sisters Sunday #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
ArmisTITs Day #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
Valentine's Lay #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
New Years Queef  #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
Mannheim Cleveland Steamer  #sexyholidays #pointsme @midnight	3
@midnight #SexyHolidays Hallopeen	3
@midnight #sexyholidays Oh Come On Ye Faithful	3
Dat Ash Wednesday #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
@midnight hannucum #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
@midnight  IndaPOONdence Day #SexyHolidays #PointsMe	3
12 Inches of Christmas  #sexyholidays #pointsme @midnight	7
#SexyHolidays Vagivus @midnight #PointsMe	3
TeaFlag Day #sexyholidays  @midnight	3
Keister Sunday #sexyholidays @midnight	3
Once you go Black Friday. #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	7
Tom Hanksgiving #SexyHolidays #PointsMe @midnight	3
The Great Blumpkin Charlie Brown #SexyHolidays @midnight	3
fish and hips #sexysnacks @midnight	3
#SexySnacks Pringles, but they come in a fleshlight .............I might be playing this game wrong @midnight	2
Jizzlers #sexysnacks @midnight	3
@midnight 100 Grand Hooker #sexysnacks	3
Nachooooohhhhs! #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Hot Dicks  #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Spaghetti Oh Oh Oh's #SexySnacks	3
@midnight oh baby Ruth #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Wet-zels	3
@midnight #sexysnacks reeses penis	3
@midnight Little Debbie between Mike and Ike #SexySnacks	3
Fluffer Nutter #sexysnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #sexysnacks #CrackerSnatch	3
#SexySnacks @midnight  Spaghetti-O....Oh!..Oh!...OOOOOHS!!!   (AHhhhhh!!!)   (((Smooch)))    : )	3
@midnight ben wa Snowballs #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Humpables #SexySnacks	3
#SexySnacks Sprung Roll @midnight	3
#SexySnacks Instant noodles will be the winner when I think of a good enough pun, gimme a minute @midnight	1
Whoreeos #sexysnacks @midnight	3
@midnight chocolate fondo me now #SexySnacks	3
Every snack is sexy with Cool Raunch Dressing.   #SexySnacks @midnight	7
@midnight Ocean Spray it on my face #SexySnacks	3
"@midnight #sexysnacks S&amp;M&amp;M's"	3
@midnight #SexySnacks tit-tacs	3
@midnight Strip Cheese Sandwich #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Fruit roll in the hay #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks deeznutsrageous	3
@midnight #Sexysnacks Skeetles	3
Two girls, one Reese's Peanut Butter Cup #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Bust a Zagnut #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Milk Studs #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Jelly Beads #sexysnacks @midnight	3
"@midnight #sexysnacks BDSM&amp;Ms"	3
@midnight cum-quats #SexySnacks	3
@midnight @midnight   Last night our comics made our mouths water with #SexySnacks. Check it out here!... https://t.co/3Fci67Q87D	0
@midnight #SexySnacks Sno Faps	3
Deez Corn Nuts #sexysnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Licorice Whips #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks Oily-ent Green	3
Mr. Big where it matters @midnight #sexysnacks	3
Honey Nut Fellatios  #SexySnacks @midnight	3
#SexySnacks @midnight Double Stuffed Ore-hoes	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Gummy Sperms	3
@midnight #SexySnacks skin flute by the foot	7
Circle Jerky #SexySnacks @midnight	3
#SexySnacks You. What up. @midnight	7
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Whose Nutz? Cheez Nutz	3
Nutter Butter #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Dick Taters #SexySnacks @midnight https://t.co/OPwbFxghR8	3
"S&amp;Ms #SexySnacks @midnight"	3
100 Grand dicks @midnight #sexysnacks	3
@midnight Dorit-hoes #SexySnacks	3
#SexySnacks Bacon that ass up @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Ginger Head, Man	3
"@midnight #SexySnacks S&amp;M's"	3
Little Debbie Does Dallas  #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Bangin' Sherry's Ice Cream	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Cheeri-Hos	3
@midnight Tobleboner #sexysnacks	3
C*myuns #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Wheat Twinks	3
"#SexySnacks .@midnight BangHers &amp; Mash* or Spotted Dick* **(only appealing if ur Brit) https://t.co/LnAdmPbS5z"	1
Wagon wheeling #SexySnacks @midnight	3
"#SexySnacks Green S &amp; M's. @midnight"	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Cookies and Creamin'	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Lady Fingers, Only To the First Knuckle	3
3 some Musketeers  #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Prostitootsies @midnight #sexysnacks	3
#SexySnacks Top Rammin' @midnight	3
Cup-o-golden showers @midnight #sexysnacks	3
"@midnight S &amp; Ms #SexySnacks"	3
"If the hashtag were RacistSnacks my answer would be, ""Anything from Frito-Tay.""   #SexySnacks @midnight"	3
@midnight Blowjob Pops #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #SexySnacks brazilian wax candy	3
@midnight Cheese Jiz #SexySnacks	3
ToesTitsOhhh's  #SexySnacks @midnight	3
K-Y Jelly Babies  #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Pork me rinds #SexySnacks	3
@midnight I put my hand on your chip, when I dip, you dip, we dip #SexySnacks	3
"@midnight I went to bed too early! Hope someone got points for ""Fruit by the Foot Fetish"" #sexysnacks"	3
@midnight Cheese Diddles #SexySnacks	3
#SexySnacks @midnight Chick-O-Dicks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks How many licks does it take to get to the centre of you your Tootsie Cock?	7
Nabisco Cheese Nipples #SexySnacks  @midnight	3
Drinks with high fructose porn syrup.   #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight I still like my towizzlhers #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Beef Jerk-off #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Honeydew me right now	7
@midnight #sexysnacks fur burgers and French theighs**	3
@midnight Gizzz Whiz #SexySnacks	3
@midnight  Fun Tip #SexySnacks #PointsMe	3
@midnight sticky buns #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Charleston Spew	3
@midnight #sexysnacks big hunk	3
#SexySnacks F*ckie Dough @midnight	3
@midnight #SexySnacks fiber one-night stand	3
Let me see that tootsie roll! #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Whoreos.  #sexysnacks	3
@midnight #SexySnacks everlasting knob slobbers	3
3 Brokeback Musketeers @midnight #sexysnacks	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Time to make the DeezNuts	3
Good and all kinds of Plenty, baby #sexysnacks @midnight	3
"Once YOU pop, the fun don't stop ;) #SexySnacks @midnight"	7
S'mwhores #SexySnacks #HashtagWars @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Hummerus	3
Butterfingered @midnight #sexysnacks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Gobstoppers	3
cum on my Twix #sexysnacks @midnight	3
George Carlin's Tater Tits #SexySnacks @midnight #GodIMissCarlin	3
Reese's Peanut Butter C Cups #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Lady Fingereds #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Count F*ckula #SexySnacks	3
Yer mom's cherry pie! Oh! #SexySnacks @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Not Actual Milk"" Duds #sexysnacks"	7
Cheeri-OHS! #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Nookie Dough	3
#SexySnacks @midnight Peeps Show	3
@midnight Cracker Jack me offs #SexySnacks	3
Whatchamafuckit #sexysnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Dildo Pickle	3
@midnight Wonder Head #SexySnacks	7
Kit-scat @midnight #sexysnacks	3
#SexySnacks Oeos @midnight	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Big Mac  (nothing else to say)	7
Clit-O-Honey #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight Sam-ho-as #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Marshmallow Fluffer #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Turkish Bath Delight #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Milky Three Way	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - MooseKnuckle Tracks	3
@midnight HammanTushan #SexySnacks	3
@midnight Fruit Squirters #SexySnacks	3
Three musketeers #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@KITKAT and chill #sexysnacks @midnight	3
Vienna fingering #sexysnacks @midnight	3
Oh Henry! Harder! @midnight #sexysnacks	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Get Your Pop Rocks Off	3
"S&amp;M&amp;M's. #SexySnacks @midnight"	3
@midnight Nut-on-her-Butter #SexySnacks	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Gum Balls	3
@midnight #SexySnacks Sliz'lers pull and peel	3
#SexySnacks @midnight Blow Pops	3
@midnight #PointsMe #SexySnacks - Stay Fluft Marshmallows	3
Queef-A-Roni #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #sexysnacks Your peanut butter is in my chocolate!  Yeah it is.	3
#sexysnacks Cadbury's Easter Cream Eggs @midnight	3
"S&amp;Ms. Melt in your butt, not in your hands. #sexysnacks #darkchocolate @midnight https://t.co/gbJrGAV2Ti"	3
OREOhhh that feels so good @midnight #SexySnacks	3
Top Parts #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Nipple Twizzlers #SexySnacks @midnight	3
#SexySnacks Friends with Beignets @midnight https://t.co/VtvsIErVOO	3
Butt Stuffed Mushrooms #SexySnacks @midnight	3
G-String cheese #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Dildoritos   #SexySnacks  @midnight	3
Let me show you my twinkies! @midnight #SexySnacks	3
Footsie Rolls #SexySnacks @midnight	3
Flirty Pebbles #SexySnacks @midnight	3
@midnight #sexystarwars don't Chew, bacca	3
Guuuurl, are you an AT-AT? Cause' I wanna be tangled up in them legs. #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
"If her hands were made to grapple and she has an Adam's apple, ""It's a TRAP!"" #sexystarwars @midnight"	3
Nice shot, kid. Now don't get bukaki! #SexyStarWars @midnight	7
Pole Treat'em #SexyStarWars	3
AnaSkin Thigh-rocker #sexystarwars @midnight	3
Moist Eisley #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
It's a Tramp!!! #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
Chewbac-door ten mom #sexystarwars @midnight	3
John Williams Scores #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #sexystarwars obi wan cum on mi	3
Qui Gon Jizz #sexystarwars @midnight	3
Jar Jar Boinks #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
@midnight #sexystarwars Luke I am your Daddy	3
Booba Felt #sexystarwars @midnight	3
Don't worry baby, I'm wearing protection, I've had it frozen it in cabronite:  Always hard, never a baby. #sexystarwars @midnight	7
Execute Order 69 @midnight #sexystarwars	3
"C-3P""O"" face #sexystarwars @midnight"	3
Bookacca the Nookie #sexystarwars @midnight	3
Judge me by my size, do you? #SexyStarWars @midnight	7
@midnight #SexyStarWars Death star blow job	3
Boba Fettish   #SexyStarWars @midnight	3
C-3P in V #sexystarwars @midnight	3
@midnight Grrrr...#SiblingsIn5Words He's the boss of me! https://t.co/jajr7j4oNA	1
@midnight Strangers my dad likes better #SiblingsIn5Words	2
I must have been adopted.  @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
#SiblingsIn5Words Are you sure we're related? @midnight	2
Mom should have swallowed them #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
Arm punches and face farts  #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Source of my trust issues... @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	1
@midnight  #siblingsin5words Daddy loves me the best.	1
#SiblingsIn5Words @midnight  People stealing piece of inheritance	1
@midnight The Deadly Game of Favorites #SiblingsIn5Words	1
Mommm! Make him stop it! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	1
Creating trust issues since forever #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
Our fights are legen...wait for it...dary!! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight  @HowIMetMother @ActuallyNPH https://t.co/52tzOgbiHL	3
@midnight Lord Of The Fucken Flies #SiblingsIn5Words	3
Grateful I broke in parents #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Beaten up by a girl #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
#SiblingsIn5Words @midnight mine are cooler than yours #siblings #halfdozen #noneofusaretwins #yeswehavethesamedad https://t.co/PehEzIPadC	1
@midnight Top bunk and bottom bunk #SiblingsIn5Words	3
My turn for the TV. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
Don't touch my Super Nintendo! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
#SiblingsIn5Words My Very First Sexual Experience #HashtagWars @midnight	8
@midnight Worst Cockblocker In The World #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	2
@midnight #siblingsIn5words  'Toilet clogged with Barbie heads'	3
@midnight Me and My Successful Shadow. #SiblingsIn5Words	3
Inheritance-diluting ne'er-do-wells! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
@midnight Sucks When Your Name's Wayans #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	2
Taller than me now. Unfortunately. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
You'll need therapy for this... @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
everyone has their favorite sibling #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/MPhSQpahTD	2
@midnight The Originator of Bullying Handbook #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	3
Have never been potty trained. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/0KEIYg0ams	2
Psychological torture can sometimes occur. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
But....I'm not touching you. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	7
Unwilling WWE move Guinea pig. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
Congrats on making the @midnight top ten list! @OyVegas #SiblingsIn5Words Good luck tonight!  	0
@PokerVixen @midnight my really really big sister. #SiblingsIn5Words	2
#TerroristsMustBeBigBrothers #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight @wwfsmd74	8
But Mom, she has more!!!!!! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight @hardwick	2
Mommy made all my friends. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Either greatest supporter or fiercest enemy. #thereisnoinbetween #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
No, mom likes ME better #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight fancied my surrogate gay husband #SiblingsIn5Words	7
Glad They Were All Aborted #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	8
"Sacksa EAD &amp; Baby Fat #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight"	3
Fun to write about them #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/QbZSPiRIOr	2
@midnight Lesbian Twincest Is Still Hot #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	8
@midnight Two Tickets for Keanu Please #SiblingsIn5Words	1
You picked last time, idiot. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
@midnight She Unfriended Me On Facebook #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	3
Brothers shouldn't share socks. #SiblingsIn5Words @dannymasterson @midnight https://t.co/qHUh6OMvNE https://t.co/6ZIqo2TKbA	7
Don't know, don't have any. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	0
I love my sorority sisters!  #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight @GMUpiphi	2
Like watching a TLC show #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
@midnight #SiblingsIn5Words Dodging Knives Can Be Fun	8
Stab you with my eyes... @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	7
Wait, no! Don't tell mom! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight The youngest wasn't disciplined enough #SiblingsIn5Words	2
@midnight #youaremom'sfavorite,Travis #SiblingsIn5Words	2
Fellow Victims of Childhood Indoctrination @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words #ChurchofScientology	3
@midnight get out of my room!!! #SiblingsIn5Words	2
#SiblingsIn5Words Shower before entering gene pool.  @midnight  @HashtagKnights @QweefLatina @Jarmadillos @tylermorrison1	7
Shhh don't cry, you're fine. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	8
@BRPrice47 @midnight smarter, funnier, more-worldly jackass #SiblingsIn5Words	7
@midnight get out of my room #SiblingsIn5Words	2
"#SiblingsIn5Words  2 Brothers &amp; A D-Cup  @midnight"	7
In my imagination... Only child @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
@midnight Not allowed to kill them. :'( #SiblingsIn5Words	7
There's no incest without them #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	8
Got yogurt in my hair #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
#SiblingsIn5Words  Mom! They Both Came First!  @midnight	1
@midnight At least my dad stayed #SiblingsIn5Words	8
Vader's kids, AND we kissed?! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	8
"@midnight a bit late but here you go... ""stop it, I'm telling mom"" #SiblingsIn5Words"	1
Helps me hide the bodies #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
That's not real rice, btw. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	3
@midnight calls me when needs kidney #SiblingsIn5Words	7
Rivalries get worse with age. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SiblingsIn5Words Glad I Don't have any	2
Thankfully I'm an only child @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
But how come they can...? #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
#SiblingsIn5Words  Teabagger? I hardly love her!  @midnight	7
Protect you from (other) bullies #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight The fight for first player #SiblingsIn5Words	1
I get the front seat. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	1
@midnight Extra kidneys, just in case #SiblingsIn5Words	7
@midnight  No that IS chocolate syrup #SiblingsIn5Words	7
@midnight #SiblingsIn5Words  shared birthday every single year	1
@midnight No! That Toy's Mine! Gimme! #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	2
My annoying but handy scapegoats @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	3
@midnight It is all your fault. #SiblingsIn5Words @konchoo	2
@midnight Middle Child Gets Neglected Often #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	2
Big inheritance little speed bumps #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight doesn't acknowledge me in public #SiblingsIn5Words	2
Hurry up and shower, rodent. @midnight #SiblingsIn5Words	2
Ate all of my snacks #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
It's always someone else's fault. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight They Made Me Marry Kanye! #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe Again, sorry, @kanyewest.	7
Ate my twin in utero. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	8
@midnight My Brother-In-Law Sucks #SiblingsIn5Words #PointsMe	7
Uneven distribution of parental love #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
(BRRRRUM), sorry.  Ate @tacobell.  #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight I spent last night drunkenly karaoke-ing so I'm catching up now. #SiblingsIn5Words Tough on first. Second? Meh.	1
I didn't steal your sweater! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Jinx. Buy me a Coke. #siblingsin5words @midnight	2
Who ate the last snackpack? #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Blamed farts on the dog. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Six extra kidneys on hold #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
I'm the only planned one. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
No, I will not Co-sign. #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
Michael, Janet, and the Others #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	3
Shirt too small? Mine now! #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Keeping score since day one #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	2
Enhanced Interrogation Techniques training program #SiblingsIn5Words @midnight	7
Smelling like McDonald's #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Slept with pizza #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Videogames, marijuana, masturbate	7
Chafing something fierce @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
gose before hoes #SingleLifeIn3Words  @midnight	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words And you are? @midnight	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words vibrator chips tooth	2
Shower, shave? LMAO #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Mostly cat hair @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Trolling yourself online @midnight	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words My Five Friends	2
Oreo Mouth Wash #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words fleshlight marriage proposal	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words  drunk text Tuesday	7
Frozen waffle sandwiches #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Tweeting Stupid Stuff	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Stalking my Ex @midnight	7
Need more cats @midnight  #SingleLifeIn3Words	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Taking facebook Seriously	7
Jane's Addiction...addiction #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Nude X-Files marathon #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Teary Lean Cuisines @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Fantasy League Betting	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Valentines day hookers. @Midnight	7
#SingleLifeIn3Words Never Wearing Pants @midnight	7
#SingleLifeIn3Words Overdose on Chocolate @midnight	7
Singles Mix-Tape #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Who needs glasses? #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight https://t.co/IRQfcuG4ms	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Fresh, Clean Fleshlight	2
Viewer of @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight  Industrial strength lotion #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Thanksgiving With Strangers	2
Fantasy football addiction #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
"@midnight Jergen's, Jack, &amp; Kleenex #SingleLifeIn3Words"	2
Eat. Pray. Fap. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Dick in drawer. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Never Saying Sorry	2
Need more condiments #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Netfilxs and Lotion  #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Netflix and cats @midnight  #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
Hungryman box fort #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Lots of masterbation  #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
No hesitation farting #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Dinner? Ramen again. @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words I got Cannabis @Midnight	7
My left hand #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Dong in hand #SingleLifein3Words @midnight	7
No pregnancy scares. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Sexted an Ex. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight Exploring new holes  #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
MLP fanfiction addiction #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Vodka inspired Tindering @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
Adventure Time marathons #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Valentine's Day sucks.  #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Knitting in pajamas @midnight #singlelifein3words	2
Fucking inanimate objects #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Haven't shaved pubes #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Netflix and Chilli Cheese Fries #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Intense moustache maintenance #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Questionable Hygiene Practices	2
Eating for two #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Freedom to travel #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Get both twix @midnight #singlelifein3words	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Taco food coma. @Midnight	2
"Tons of D&amp;D #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight"	2
@midnight Too many cats? #SingleLifeIn3Words	7
No @bucadibeppo poperoom #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	0
#SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight Floor IS shelf!	7
Toilet paper lasts #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Boxers All Day  @Midnight	2
Autoerotic asphyxiation again? #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
me, myself, I. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
I'm sure its been said by now, Pizza! Pizza! Pizza!  @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
Laugh to myself. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Soup for one  #SingleLifeIn3Words .@midnight	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Crying into pizza @midnight	2
@midnight eats from can  #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
Can I join? #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words  Tweets to @midnight	2
sweatpants = new black #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Pornhub and cry #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Sweet freedom, baby!  #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Nobody harassing me. #SingleLifeIn3Words @Midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Chocolate Over Salad	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Supporting Ted Cruz	7
Lonley bored and desperate #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Drink Drank Drunk #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Crying into pillow @midnight	2
Not that creepy #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Work long hours #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Giving Up  Completely	7
Inexpensive holiday plans #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Drinking Alone Again	2
Selfies to self #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words No Emergency Contact @midnight	7
Do not resuscitate #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Disco Duck, anyone?  #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight Plate's clean enough!	7
Sweet, new Fleshlight! ... @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
Rubix Cube Master #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words Planning own Funeral @midnight	7
#SingleLifeIn3Words Porno on repeat @Midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words remote all mine.	2
Winning Hashtag Wars #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Criticizing Sister's Clothing #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Just here scrolling @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight  Love old photos!	2
#SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight No Holding Farts	7
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Sports On TV	2
Intense Hearthstone sessions #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words Believing Conspiracy Theories	7
Sitting here like #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight https://t.co/pmiBIOGlGz	2
Puppy Baby Monkey #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Chardonnay or vodka #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
@midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words  My pee burns	2
Candy for dinner #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Pet is kid. @midnight #SingleLifeIn3Words	1
Cookies for dinner #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Peeing off target #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
No obligation screwing #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Skyping Mom Valentine's #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight Seeing Deadpool Alone #SingleLifeIn3Words	2
I'm fine! Really! #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
tears in Ramen #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Deep Issue Massage #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
REMOTE IS MINE #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Cereal every meal. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Insane browser history #singlelifein3words @midnight	7
Need more batteries #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
Ben and Jerry's #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	3
Twitter Crushes Galore #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	2
Body pillow boyfriend. #SingleLifeIn3Words @midnight	7
No more herpes, please #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Look! It's a HOLE!!!! #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	1
Lets do it again #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	1
@midnight drunk and half-naked #springbreakin4words	7
Date Rape is Fun! #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	8
Oops the Condom Broke! #springbreakin4words @midnight	7
@midnight whole lot of experimentation #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
Guess I'm on pornhub... #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@midnight Thongs, Schlongs and Bongs #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
Drink, drank, drunk, drop. #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Rather Be Watching 'Hamilton'. #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
High is 39 degrees #springbreakin4words @midnight	2
Carson Daly Creepin About @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	8
Do you mean Easter? Said by some pompous religious a-hole. @midnight  #SpringBreakIn4Words	8
Sparkly beads, never worn.  @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
.@JennaElfman on @midnight #NoEsBueno #SpringBreakIn4Words	1
@midnight #springbreakin4words Trucks on the beach	2
Wasted the whole time. @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
@midnight #springbreakin4words   IT BURNS SO MUCH	2
Somehow makes Florida worse @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	8
Can I nail you? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	1
Bill Cosby is here?  #springbreakin4words @midnight	8
Litter on every beach #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	8
#SpringBreakin4words @midnight worse on way out	7
The Locals all vacate   #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Someday you'll have kids. @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	1
Unconscious wearing dick pics #springbreakin4words @midnight	7
This bar is busy #springbreakin4words @midnight	2
Who's in my mouth? #SpringBreakIn4words @midnight	2
Brought my ps4 home #SpringBreakin4Words @midnight	1
@midnight #SpringBreakin4words don't remember eating that	7
@midnight #springbreakin4words   DONKEYS CAN'T SAY NO	7
Catching up on homework #SpringBreakin4Words @midnight	2
#SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight don't wanna puke anymore	2
Isn't that your Mom? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
Your Louse or Mine? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Avoding anyplace relativly warm @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
Depraved, shaved, blazed, glazed. #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@midnight @hardwick Drunk chicks rule dude! #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
Queasy Like Sunday Morning #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@midnight #springbreakin4words    AAAANNNND, YOU HAVE AIDS	8
Follow me on @Snapchat #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
Vomit Trail College Tail @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
#SpringBreakIn4Words 8 shots of ragret @midnight https://t.co/1pPgyJCeDG	2
Pale Skin Initiation Week #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
What was I thinking? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
Two new tramp stamps @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
We're getting f**ked up! #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@midnight #springbreakin4words      GET VALTREX WITH CALTECHS	7
#SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight Kids home all week https://t.co/9axNbzHFFf	1
It's all in Brutally #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@ComedyCentral @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words #SpringBreak 	1
Scratch and sniff undies #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
#springbreakin4words @midnight You let me what?	2
Florida's IQ Doubles Briefly   #SpringBreakIn4Words  @midnight	8
Dead neurons. Living clap. @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
Loss of common sense @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words https://t.co/F4Dlimr5Ns	7
@midnight dead hooker drop off #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
168 hour Netflix binge #springbreakin4words @midnight	2
Drunk sex, yum. NOT! @midnight #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
@midnight two words Tijuana jail #SpringBreakIn4Words	2
Gonoherpacyphilaids is my JAM! #springbreakin4words @midnight	7
You're not infectious ANYMORE????? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
The reason I exist!  #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
Fuck it, why not? #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	1
Rock Bottom Reference Point  #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
Kids home parents drinking. #springbreakin4words @midnight	7
No pants, no shame  #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
No math! #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Crotch Sand Initiation Rites #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Mom? Need bail money... #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
@midnight How's vomit on ceiling? #SpringBreakIn4Words	7
White Girls in Cornrows #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	2
Never drinking agai-----SHOTS!!!!!!!!!! #SpringBreakIn4Words @midnight	7
@midnight #springbreakin4words THAT POOR DONKEY TRAINER	7
Rey, Ya! #StarWarsSongs @midnight	2
Hey Han, Nice Shot #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
Chewbacca-rena #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
Leia Me Down #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
"@midnight ""Don't Fear the Darkside"" #StarWarsSongs"	3
@midnight mama don't let your babies grow up to be wookies #StarWarsSongs	7
Leia Hands on Me by Obe Won Jovi #StarWarsSongs @midnight #StarWarsDay #MayThe4thBeWithYou https://t.co/4O2BnVbooz	3
Ah Leia! @midnight #StarWarsSongs #donnieiris https://t.co/89fjWs0vvb	3
@midnight What is love. #StarWarsSongs	3
Lucas Be a Lady Tonight  #StarWarsSongs @mavissav @midnight	7
Boba O'Riley #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
The Night They Drove Kenobi Down #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe  #StarWarsSongs  Missed Me With Your Every Shot	3
Jedi The Champions #StarWarsSongs @midnight https://t.co/Fd86Tz8Snc	3
Where It's AT-AT #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
What a Girl Obi-Wans #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Still Haven't Found What I'm Luking For @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
I Did It All for the Wookie #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight  Snokin' in the Boys Room  #StarWarsSongs	3
Chewbacco Road #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
We Built This Death Star  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Jed's Are Burning #StarWarsSongs @Midnight	3
Over The Hills And A Galaxy Far Far Away #StarWarsSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Leia Down Sally #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Watto Wonderful World #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Uncle Owen /Admiral Ackbar #StarWarsSongs @midnight #pointsme	3
Total EclipseWait. That's No Moon. #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
The Night That the Lights Went Out in Alderran #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Poe Dameron, I Wish I Was Your Lover #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Jabba's got a brand new bag. #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
'Highway To Hoth'  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight ""ew that smell cant you smell that Tauntaun smell"" #StarWarsSongs"	3
@midnight heeellooo...are these the droids you're looking for? #StarWarsSongs	3
C3POOOOOOklahoma!  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Hoth-line Bling #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight @joshgondelman @kylekinane @randyliedtke Knocking on Leia's Door #StarWarsSongs #HanAndLeia	3
@midnight #StarWarsSongs Boba Bobba Boba Fet	3
Dust in the Wind -Alderan- #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Watto you want from me #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
And Kylo Ren~ / Ren so far away~ #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Wind Beneath My X-Wing #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Rey of Light #StarWarsSongs	3
Let It Obi-Wan Kenobi #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
When the moon hits your eye, wait that's no moon, in the sky! That's A-space-station! #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe @MontyPython  #StarWarsSongs  Sidious On My Face	3
Yoda one that I want - John travolta and Olivia Neutron class star cruiser John. @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
TIE A Yellow Ribbon Round The Ole Oak Tree #StarWarsSongs #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay @midnight	3
The STAR WARS Spangled Banner  #StarWarsSongs @midnight https://t.co/cXLkmvsPeD	3
I just called, to say: SHUT DOWN ALL THE GARBAGE MASHERS ON THE DETENTION LEVEL #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
BANTHA BANTHA BANTHA BANTHA BANTHA BANTHA BANTHA I got Luke on Dagobah Training to use the Force swag on ya...  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Ewok Like An Egyptian #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight I Will Always Love You. I Know. #StarWarsSongs https://t.co/tVX4Rb2M57	3
@NemoSpecific @midnight Sunrise Sunrise, Sunset Sunset #StarWarsSongs	3
Theme from Jawas #StarWarsSongs #JohnWilliams #Jaws @midnight	3
"Get Solo by Lil Han &amp; The Darkside Boyz- To the Windu. To the Wall  @midnight  #StarWarsSongs"	3
Sith Lord In Red  #StarWarsSongs @midnight https://t.co/FshJtM9ZPL	3
Dude looks like a Leia. #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight  #StarWarsSongs Charge of the Light Saber Brigade	3
@midnight Kenobi Feel the Love Tonight? #StarWarsSongs	3
Bantha On The Run #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Jar Jar of Hearts #StarWarsSongs	3
Ewok This Way #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Here Comes the Suns #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
'People Are Strange @The Cantina'    #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
#starwarssongs I wanna hold your Han. @midnight	3
Who let the ewoks out @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
You Can Call Me Maul #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
I've Got Friends in Solo Places #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Let It 2-1B #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Bye Bye Bye, Alderaan #NSync #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
#starwarssongs @midnight It's getting Hoth in Here.	3
@midnight  Hey, Han, Nice First Shot  #StarWarsSongs	3
A Tauntaun with no name #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
We All Live in a Yellow Tatouine #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Get Rich Or Jedi Tryin' #StarWarsSongs @midnight #pointsme	3
I'm bringing Jedi's back #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
C3P Oh, Darling! #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight c3po what a feeling #StarWarsSongs	3
I'm on the Death Star @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
@midnight  Lookin' For Love In Alderaan Places  #StarWarsSongs	3
Palpatine (is not my lover)  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Sluttering (may the 4th be with you) #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
I Parsecond That Emotion #StarWarsSongs #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay @midnight	3
Another Brick in Darth Maul #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Happiness is a Warm Blaster #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Whiskey in the Jar Jar #StarWarsSongs	3
Porkins Pneumonia and the Boogie Wookie Flu #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight X-Wingin' in the Rain #StarWarsSongs	3
One Finn Day #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
"#StarWarsSongs Qui-Gon Jinn &amp; Juice @midnight"	3
I would ewok 500 miles #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Red Han Solo Cup @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
Drop It Like It's Hoth #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Yo-di-di Yo-Da-Da #StarWarsSongs	3
Isa Missa You - Jar Jar Binks 182 #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight any song by the Taun Tauns #StarWarsSongs	3
HalleLukejah #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
TonTonTon #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
My Dick: Shuts down garbage smashers. #starwarssongs @midnight https://t.co/ooNyzgsPKv	7
Tiny Bantha #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #StarWarsSongs Death StarMan	3
Stormy Vader #StarWarsSongs @mavissav @midnight	3
Tauntaun style by obi @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
Bullet with Boba Fett Wings @midnight #StarWarsSongs	3
Smells like Anakin's spirit #StarWarsSongs #MayTheFourthBeWithYou @midnight	3
Alderaan That I Want #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Baby Got Lacc by Sar Mix-a-Lot #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
"Shoot First #StarWarsSongs @midnight #MayTheFourthBeWithYou #StarWarsDay  https://t.co/4n6BcRJmx0 #nerdcore #hiphop https://t.co/SkybmN0CHR	0"	3
No Wookie No Cry #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
I shot the Alderaan (but I did not shoot the Dantooine) #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Me and Jabba McGee  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Yoda One That I Want #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Get Down and Wookie  #StarWarsSongs #GalacticDisco @midnight	3
I've Got 99 Problems But A Sith Ain't One #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
You're The One That I Wampa #StarWarsSongs #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay @midnight	7
@midnight #PointsMe  #StarWarsSongs  Dameron, I Wish I Was Your Lover	3
Get Outta My Boba, Fett Into My Car #StarWarsSongs @midnight  #pointsme	3
She's Like the Windu #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Landslide Calrissian #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
I came in like a traaaaining ball!  #StarWarsSongs @midnight @MileyCyrus https://t.co/6dLVw9Jxxl	3
I Can C3PO For Miles #StarWarsSongs @midnight #pointsme	3
I can't feel my face when I'm with Yoda #StarWarsSongs #MayTheFourthBeWithYou @midnight	7
'Tatooinian Rhapsody'   #StarWarsSongs  @midnight https://t.co/KojVpyaZ3w	3
My Milkshake Brings All the Droids to the Yard... #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
@midnight 99 problems but a b**ch is one. #StarWarsSongs	3
Vader to Black  #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Jediiiiiiiiii... will always love youuuuuuu #StarWarsSongs	3
Bad Moon RisingWait! That's No Moon #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
#StarWarsSongs @midnight Jar of its a trap	3
Riders on the Stormtrooper #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Smells like Tatooine Spirit #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Karma Corellian #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Sith I Was Your Girlfriend #StarWarsSongs	3
Your Body is a Wonder-Lando #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Snoke on the Water #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Blinded By The Lightsaber #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Obi-Wan Is The Lonliest Number #StarWarsSongs @midnight	7
Gungan Style #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
Billy Dee, is not my lover... #StarWarsSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Han Shot first through the heart #StarwarsSongs	3
Invasion of the Bong Snatchers #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Planet of the Vapes #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick I Am Number Four-Twenty #StonerSciFi	3
Totally No Recall #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Ex-Mollyina  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Space Bongs #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Harry PUFFER and the Magic Drum Circle  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
John Tokes at the End  @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
A re-imagined version of The Hunger Games #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Contact (High) #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Budzilla #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
420: A Blunt/joint/bowl/bong/vape/another blunt/joint/bowl/bong/vape another Blunt/joint/bowl/bong/vape  Odyssey @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
Dude, where's my x-wing? #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Fourth Kind Bud  @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
2001: A Spaced Out Odyssey #StonerSciFi @midnight https://t.co/uN6XDx7ULC	3
The Running, Man.  Right?  heh heh #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Ghost in the Trip	3
Steven King's spliff #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Star Wars A New High	3
10 Things I Forgot About You #StonerSciFi @midnight	7
"Dial M for... Dial M .... Why am I dialing M???  #StonerSciFi @midnight"""	7
The High Times Machine #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Bong Waterworld #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Radio crackhead Spider-Man #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Closed Encounters of the Contact Kind #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Bill Nye the Science High	3
Jurassic Narc #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Gravity ...bong   #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Spider Man: TURN ON in the Dark  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
"Mushroom with a view #StonerSciFi @midnight"""	3
@midnight Dracula untoked #StonerSciFi	3
Duuuuuuuuune #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Close Encounters of the THIRSTY Kind  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
@midnight #stonerscifi Bro of Frankenstrain	3
@midnight on the couch for 80 days #StonerSciFi	3
@midnight @hardwick The Munchie Games #StonerSciFi	3
Star Vape #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Weedlien #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
#stonerscifi @midnight Dank City	3
The Vaporizer at the End of the Universe #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Fantastic 4/20 #StonerSciFi	3
Game of Stoners #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Fahrenheit 420 #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
#StonerSciFi @Midnight  ET: The Extra THC RT: @6CentsRose Jurassic Spark (it up) #StonerSciFi	3
"El Cid #StonerSciFi @midnight"""	3
Refrigerator 2: Fudgemint Day #stonerscifi @midnight	3
"@DougBenson hey, they did #stonerscifi on @midnight last night &amp; u werent there. Just thot I'd narc."	7
@midnight Honey I Smoked The Nugs #StonerSciFi	3
@midnight @paulwdowns @ilazer @LuciaAniello #StonerSciFi #GTASpiceCity	3
"@midnight @hardwick ""American Ultra"" weed's so potent it'll make you think you're in a spy film w/ Luthor &amp; Bella from Twilight #StonerSciFi"	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Battlestar Sativaca	3
Invasion of the BOWL Snatchers  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
"@midnight @hardwick @DougBenson @RonFunches Douglas &amp; Ronald #StonerSciFi #BatmanAndRobin"	3
"Fast &amp; Furious Munchies #StonerSciFi @midnight"	7
X-men: Days of Future Grass  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
#StonerSciFi Star....what @midnight	7
@midnight Star Toke: the Wrath of Bong #StonerSciFi	3
Maher Trek VI: The Undiscovered Bluntry #StonerSciFi @midnight @billmaher	3
The Dark Crystal Meth  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
#StonerSciFi Seeking a Friend for the End of the Blunt @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Mad Max: Craving Rocky Road #StonerSciFi	3
#StonerSciFi Technologically singular one hitter.  @midnight	3
Ecstasy Machina #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Logan's Nap #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick The 5th Wave of The Munchies #StonerSciFi	3
420: A Spaced Odyssey  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Quantum leap to conclusions about who's at the door  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Martian Chronic #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
BONG Rogers in the 25th Century  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
Dreadpool #StonerSciFi @midnight #pointsme	3
Escape to Weed Mountain #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
THE CHRONIC WOMAN  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
LOST IN SPACE  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
Jumping Jack Flash Gordon #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Darth Blaze-it #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight The Hempest (Shakespearean sci fi) #StonerSciFi	3
@midnight Ghost in the hit #StonerSciFi	3
Invasion Of The Pot People #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight Sativa Wars Episode IV: A New Toke #stonerscifi	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Contact  High	3
Ex Chronica #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Starship Tokers	3
Section 4:20 #StonerSciFi @midnight	7
Logan's run out of papers #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Spacedballs @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
Duuuuuuuuuuune! #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Chasing Puff the Magic Dragon  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	7
The Incredible TOKING Woman  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@midnight Blunt Runner or Do Androids Dream of Electric Spliffs? #StonerSciFi	3
Star Wars Episode 420 #StonerSciFi @midnight	7
Star Wars: The Force Awakens and Bakens #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Hotbox Time Machine #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight pot smokers guide to the Galaxy #stonerscifi	3
@midnight Logan's Run to the 7-11 for snacks #StonerSciFi	3
#StonerSciFi Star Trek: The Search for Munchies @midnight	3
Dank Gently's Hydroponic Detective Agency #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Red Eye, Robot  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Blade DRUG Runner  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
@midnight @nerdist HIGH, Robot #StonerSciFi	3
THE BLACK HOLE of Unconciousness  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
@midnight Battlestar Galactikush #StonerSciFi	3
Dank'nado Dank'nado 2: wait is this the second one? and Dank'nado 3: Oh hell yeah! #StonerSciFi @midnight	7
STAR TRAK MARKS  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
420+1:A Spaced Oddesy #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
PLAN 4:20 FROM OUTER SPACE  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The wedding of River Bong #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
So Long and Thanks For All the Dabs #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Hydroponic the Hedgehog #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Passes Back the Joint.  #stonerscifi @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick Eternal Sunshine of the High-as-Fuck Mind #StonerSciFi	3
@midnight The Two Tokers by J. R.R. Token #StonerSciFi	3
1984-20 #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Total Lack of Short-Term Recall #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Close Encounters of the Cloud 9 #StonerSciFi @midnight https://t.co/rA0X1XkSGe	3
2001: A SPACED-OUT ODYSSEY  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@midnight Doctor...Wha? #StonerSciFi	7
Stonaris [1976] #stonerscifi @midnight	3
Hitchiker's Guide to the Marijuanaverse.  @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
The Long Dank Tea Time of the Soul #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Stoner Wars #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Bong of Frankenstein #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Gravity Bong, the squeal to Gravity #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Gravity (Bong)	3
Land of the lost lighters @midnight  #StonerSciFi	3
THE FLINTSTONERS  #StonerSciFi  @midnight   #POINTSME	3
King Bong #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Star Weeds: Return of the Red-eyes  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
"@midnight @hardwick The idea for ""Pixels"" must have come to @AdamSandler while he had a Pac-Man level case of the munchies #StonerSciFi"	7
The Moon is a Hash Mistress #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Androm-Indicas Strain #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
"#StonerSciFi ""The Martian Chronic"" @midnight https://t.co/tpxidC4XdJ"	3
The Munchie-an Candidate  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Creature from the Black Hood Lagoon  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
20,000 KILOS Under the Sea  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
Planet of the Narcs @midnight   #StonerSciFi	7
20,000 Weeds Under the Sea #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
"Russel Crowe in ""Glad-He-Baked-Her"" @midnight #StonerSciFi"	3
Life, the Universe and Cannabis #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
"@midnight #hashtagwars #StonerSciFi mary jane shelley's dankenstein; or, the modern proreeferus"	3
Doug Benson as the Doctor #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
When Harry met Sally, at 4:20 under the bleachers @midnight  #stonerscifi	3
Lord of the Smoke Rings  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
Indicastellar  @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
Battlestar Sativica  @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
KHAAAAA--*cough, cough, cough, hack, hack, cough*--AAAN!  #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kush, Star Trek III: The Search for Spark @midnight #stonerscifi	3
2001: A Space Herb, No Seeds #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Blaze Runner #stonerscifi @midnight	3
The Big BONG Theory  #StonerSciFi  @midnight  #POINTSME	3
@midnight Hobocop #StonerSciFi	3
@midnight #StonerSciFi Continuum: Up In Smoke	3
"@midnight @hardwick The ""Green Lantern"" strain of weed's so potent, you'll think you're in a y CGI movie w/ @VancityReynolds #StonerSciFi"	3
#StonerSciFi  @midnight Slow Times at Hashpipe High	3
The Walking Deadheads  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
E.T. - The Extra Turpy #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Toking Clowns From Outer Space #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The evil Deadheads #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
#StonerSciFi RobotPot @midnight	3
Plan 420 from Outer Space #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
#stonerscifi @midnight  420 A Space Odyssey	3
E.T.H.C. #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Tales from the CRIPPY  #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
Lost In Spacecakes #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Shrooms #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Battlestar GalacPizza #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The hills have highs #StonerSciFi  @midnight	3
The Edibles Hulk #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Spliff Element #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Dank Crystal @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
Armageddon Ripped Tonight #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Laughterhouse Five @midnight #StonerSciFi	3
E.T. the Extra-Taquito #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
The Hungry Games #StonerSciFi @midnight	3
Stuffing more than a turkey @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Near lethal doses of Tryptophan. #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	7
Guess what, mom? I'm gay! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
Racist Grandpa shouts THANKS OBAMA #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Glenn's alive. Best Thanksgiving ever! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	1
Get out of my way! -Christmas #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #pointsme	1
The smallpox are gluten-free! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Thanks for the food, bye  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight Know what? I hate you. #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
My cousin is so purty #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
Turkey called in Sick again....#ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
@midnight Only sauce that's really jello #ThanksgivingIn5Words	2
Avoid relatives: Intentional food coma. #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Cheap tickets for guilt trip #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Dad's inappropriate turkey puppet show @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe	2
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words Chris Hardwick bangs fat chicks. #PointsMe	1
Grandparents say the racist things #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Another reason to smoke marijuana. #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Someone stole my Voodoo T-Shirt #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
Police shot the Turkeys Escaping #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/clUXA5nJwt	7
Rover was a good dog... #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Pretend I'm not a Vegan #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
One day off for chickens. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Eat like a damn Barbarian #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Lotsa' poo the next morning #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words what's dryer grandma or turkey.	7
Much better since parents died #thanksgivingin5words @midnight #pointsme	8
@midnight turkey killed pork luscious, fucker #thanksgivingin5words	7
Niece Ate My Pot Brownies #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
No, Mom, I'm not dating #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe us double fisting a turkey	2
"@midnight ""Let's watch Capturing the Friedmans."" #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe"	1
Best day of the year! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	1
Ewwww... Who stuffed the turkey? #ThanksgivingIn5Words. @midnight	2
Medical Ailment Stories And Food #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey Turkey #ThanksgivingIn5Words  #PointsMe  @midnight https://t.co/3f9dezd7DG	1
@midnight Cougar Aunt's high school boyfriend. #ThanksgivingIn5Words	1
Bones in the jello mold #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Jell-O mold or pocket p***y? #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Family happily chokes on cock @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Sorry I have to work #ThanksgivingIn5Words  @midnight  btw 2 Beck references too many	2
Gobble gobble, gobble gobble- *Silence* #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
So glad dad isn't here #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words   stuffing is butt hole bread	7
Tea bagging the gravy boat #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Dinner while sobbing to Adele @midnight  #thanksgivingin5words	2
Flight is delayed 9 hours #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	1
Can shaped cranberry sauce required. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	1
@midnight White meat or dark meat? #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe	2
@midnight Hide the whiskey from grandma #Thanksgivingin5words #pointsme	7
Turkey brined in family's tears  @Midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe	7
Everyone, we're going to Dennys! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight Tofu turkey is for wimps! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe	7
Forced family interaction over turkey:) #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	1
@midnight conservative uncle meets gay son #ThanksgivingIn5Words	8
Why is dinner so early? #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight pie alone in the bathroom #ThanksgivingIn5Words	2
@midnight That was last month, eh! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #Canada	2
#BlackFridayLivesDoMatter  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
Just five more minutes mom! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #Fallout4	2
He brought his skanky girlfriend #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Smoke alarm says turkey's done! @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Eating Thanksgiving Dinner In Line  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Natives get the left overs @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	8
Peel me I'm a banananana!! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	1
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words  I hate my f@cking family	8
When your parents get divorced. #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
Tryptophan is nature's delicious roofie. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
"#ThanksgivingIn5Words ""uncle wrestling me tears denial"" @midnight"	7
Not now. Playing Fallout 4. #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
Is it Christmas time yet? #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
Feast on dismembered bird parts #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Gonna poop like five times #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Marshmallows on my yams? Blasphemy! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Feces Summit get in Line #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe  @midnight https://t.co/9HGEfwEuqK	2
@midnight please pass me the tryptophan #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Why do we torture ourselves? #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Overeat, tweet, repeat, repeat, repeat. #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
America Celebrates Annex With Turkey #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Touchy Uncle wants a kiss #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	8
Dad drops cigarette in gravy. #Thanksgivingin5words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Don't make me eat Turducken #Thanksgivingin5words @midnight	7
#ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight Dry Turkey And Lumpy Gravy	7
"Sing it ""I'm a Banana""!! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe https://t.co/qYUzTqCl3a @midnight"	1
My wife is a vegetarian. #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight https://t.co/fcnFe5F5Nl	2
@midnight Casual racism with dark meat #ThanksgivingIn5Words	6
White Man's Rehearsal Christmas Dinner @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Is the turkey gluten free? #PointsMe  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #onlyinLA	7
So the Turkey's Burnt Again???'#ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
@midnight another reason to hate whitey. #ThanksgivingIn5Words	8
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words Dog bit mom's ex husband	1
Yeah but the Turkey burned #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/9CBOQvATLd	2
Vodka,the best potluck item.  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words Family: Escape Them With Death	8
Getting high then eating pie @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words  #PointsMe	7
My bitch sister ruins everything @ruthherronross #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
THEY'RE HERE, HIDE THE BODIES!! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
Time to watch Lions lose. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Still don't have kids, mom. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words  #PointsMe	2
Now, let's go see strippers #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Break out your buffet pants. #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight	2
@midnight police report on Black Friday #ThanksgivingIn5Words	2
Grandpa says Obama is Satan @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
"@midnight ""Coming out to family-"" ""-NO!"" #ThanksgivingIn5Words"	6
@midnight another chanceto kill grandma #ThanksgivingIn5Words #pointsme	8
@midnight  Dad, where are your pants? #thanksgivingin5words	2
Quick, get the fire extinguisher! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
#PointsMe @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words lets celebrate indian family incesst	6
Forever at the kid's table #hashtagwars #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
"@midnight ""When will this tryptophan kick..."" #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe"	7
@midnight Every year there's fewer grandparents #ThanksgivingIn5Words	8
@midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words Stink Bugs In The Stuffing	2
Odorous Compost Pie to eat #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/HCYwu46AQM	7
Pumpkin No Sweet Potato Yes! #ThanksgivingIn5words @midnight	2
Remember, act straight around grandma #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe @hardwick	7
Grandpa's racism makes me uncomfortable #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	8
#ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight Sure As Hell Isn't Hanukkah...	7
Quick family dinner between shifts #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	1
Who gave grandma more wine #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight Canadians celebrate it in October.  #ThanksgivingIn5Words	2
Another day of overeating.  'Murica! #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
Rarely seen relatives causing arguments #Thanksgivingin5words @midnight	7
Eat! Eat! Eat! Football! Zzzzzzzzz #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight Rednecks and tannerite, enough said? #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe	7
#thanksgivingin5words Spinster aunt drinks her feelings @midnight	7
"After last year; no invite.  #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight"	7
My Turkeys lived on Uranus #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/2Le05wKTT4	2
Tryptophan Seven Beers Drive Home #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
What movie will we see? #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	1
Leftovers Leftovers Leftovers Leftovers Leftovers @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	2
EatEatEatEatPoop! #ThanksgivingIn5Words #pointsme  @midnight	2
Happenstance is all I've Got #ThanksgivingIn5Words #PointsMe @midnight https://t.co/Ty3Tjbf3Ud	2
What's too early to drink? @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
There's hair in the pie. @midnight #ThanksgivingIn5Words	7
Watching dogs awkwardly being groped #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	7
My high school friends got fat #ThanksgivingIn5Words @midnight	2
#TwitterIn5Words laconic nostalgic reference feat. cum @midnight	7
I just saw something weird #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
TV tweets counts as friendship #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	3
Yesterday's thoughts are today's #HASHTAGS #twitterin5words @midnight	3
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words waste time on the shitter	1
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight suspicious lack of toaster porn	7
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Cats, goats and dick picks	3
Being favorite just not moms #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
@midnight The Force Awakens vs. Trump #TwitterIn5Words	7
Bring back the Stars bitch! We don't play Favourites Here  We just Love somethings more  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #3in1	7
Voices inside Kanye's head talk #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Far Too Much Personal Information @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	2
You do you...or not. #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight Only good for hashtag wars	1
Follow me or I'll die @midnight #twitterin5words	8
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words  Comedians post their upcoming dates.	7
Invisible points from hashtag wars #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Stalking celebrities without restraining orders #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	8
Neither follower nor trender be #twitterin5words @midnight	2
I just wanna fit in #hashtagwars #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
Dick pics plus some poems.  #TwitterIn5Words  @midnight	2
@midnight Kin Kardashian is naked again #TwitterIn5Words	1
Defining self-worth in retweets #Twitterin5Words @midnight	7
Ruining my future employment options.  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight still less damaging than Homestuck	1
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Still not following Kim Kardashian	1
Where I met my wife #twitterin5words #hashtagwars @midnight	2
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Absolutely can never finish my	7
Wah wah wah big wah #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
#Chaturbate until my dick bleeds   #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
Cowardly racists bravely blame minorities. #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	8
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Used to play hashtag wars	2
Make up my own facts #TwitterIn5Words  @midnight	6
#WatchMeHaveNoLife  #TwitterIn5Words  @midnight	2
@midnight  #TwitterIn5Words blaming white men for everything	6
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight what Robin calls his penis	7
A sandwich? OOH! Photograph THAT! #twitterin5words @midnight	7
@midnight #twitterIn5words enough characters to anger everyone	2
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Kardashian overload then everything else	1
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Thing to do while pooping	2
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words blurry avi's to masturbate to	2
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight the least secure texting service	7
#twitterin5words @midnight my girlfriend won't stop	1
Sorry, I got drunk again  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
F**kin Suck My D**k Trump! @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	8
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight cute birdie makes you racist	8
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight Still waiting for terrible sequel	7
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight Spelw cech can suk it	7
#TwitterIn5Words CUTTING TRUMP DOWN TO size  .@midnight https://t.co/8iAaYYiDBN	7
Kim's ass. Kanye's stupid mouth.     #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
@midnight stop staring at my daughter #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
#WatchMeHaveNoLife  #TwitterIn5Words  @midnight @nerdist #ItdBeAWholeLotCoolerIfUdid https://t.co/YWI2d7WzSK	7
Where did my life go #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight Be yourself.  Or somebody else. #TwitterIn5Words	7
Oh my god, retweeting this! @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	1
@midnight - Is Now World War Three #Twitterin5Words	1
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words Fuck This back to Facebook	7
@midnight goddamn racist mysoginist homophobic fuckfaces! #TwitterIn5Words	8
Short Unadulterated Internet Hate Factory #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	8
Why am I even here? #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
I feel dirty, so dirty. #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words too much white kid ass	8
wanting to be liked daily #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	7
Sending Donald Trump Dick Pics @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	7
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words hack comedians one stop shopping	2
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight short stupid sentences are everwhere	2
@midnight Probably not clicking that link... #TwitterIn5Words	2
@midnight 10-year-old believing they know everything #TwitterIn5Words	5
Killing time on the toilet @midnight  #twitterin5words	2
#TwitterIn5Words ...it goes down in DMs @midnight	2
Everyone: I should tweet more #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
#TwitterIn5Words you made Kim kardasian jerks @midnight	1
Window into Kayne West's brain.... #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
Becoming unemployed and trending #Twitterin5Words @midnight	5
Nerds rule and racists drool. #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	8
Congrats to @Trickpatch @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	0
Oddly intentional 'reply all' service #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
Pretty sure this is illegal  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
no one fallows me :( #TwitterIn5Words @midnight @JMad17 @DaveSirus	2
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight used to stalk Chris Hardwick	2
I soooo totes can't even!!! #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words the death of us all	8
Toppling Regimes and Hashtag Wars #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	8
My lunch goes here too #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight less characters than existing Pokemon	7
@midnight Porn links and flame wars #TwitterIn5Words	1
Celebrity cats? I have thoughts. #twitterin5words @midnight	7
People like lemmings following others  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight #PointsMe	2
Non-inspirational words and joke theft.  #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	1
Brevity's the soul of...something. #twitterin5words @midnight	7
How do you do this? @midnight #twitterin5words	1
@lennyukdeejay @midnight #TwitterIn5Words Like Facebook but less characters.	1
Pictures Of Plates Of Food.     #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
#TwitterIn5Words @midnight someone sexually identifies as cancer	8
@midnight #TwitterIn5Words an ignominious end to punctuation	7
Do you even RT Bro? #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
Check notifications. Repeat repeat repeat. @midnight #TwitterIn5Words	2
#TwitterIn5Words chris hardwick more like chris hard dick, put this on your screen on your tv show coward @midnight	1
Yes, that avi is me #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
Tweeting At @Midnight While Crying #TwitterIn5Words	7
Voices in head made manifest #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
Capturing life through brevity and... (1/32)  @midnight #twitterin5words	7
Who needs an edit buttont? #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	7
The Internet's Open Mic Night #TwitterIn5Words @midnight	2
@midnight #UnderwearSongs Where the stains are hers and hers and his, threes company poo. #PointsMe	2
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Downtown - Pants-no-more	2
Anything by the band Boxerz 2 Men #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
@Midnight Don't Fear The Streaker #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
"#UnderwearSongs @midnight Drowning Pool ""Let the Panties Hit the Floor"" #PointsMe"	3
Crotch Scratch Fever  #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Bad to the Bone. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Your give boxers a bad stain #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs #thongjovi	3
Rage against the G-String #UnderwearSongs  @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe  How about a pair of pink sidewinders and a bright orange pair of panties?	3
Rage against the depends #UnderwearSongs  @midnight	3
The adult diaper days are over! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs I don't want to wait.. For Friday to wear those undies @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight Achy Breaky Wedgy...	3
Britches ain't shit #UnderwearSongs @midnight	7
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Turkey Trots	3
@midnight  Do the twist... of your gstring  #UnderwearSongs	3
The Boxers by Paul Simon #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
What a Wonderbra World #UnderwearSongs #pointsme @midnight	3
Straight Outta Cotton #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
You picked me all night long by WedgieDC @midnight #UnderwearSongs	7
groove is in the shart #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
I feel into a ring of burning bras #UnderwearSongs @midnight	2
Pleat It @midnight #UnderwearSongs	3
@midnight Undies Bloody Undies #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Your Thong #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Shake ya depends! Watch yourself! Show me how much those diapers can take! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs Skidmark My Heart @midnight	3
Rudolph the Brown Nose Panty Sniffer #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Corsettin' On The Dock Of The Bay #UnderwearSongs #pointsme @midnight	3
Southern Tights  #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Hello, you've got runways #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
You've lost that Premium Comfort Flex and Supportive Feeling. #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Total Eclipse of the Junk #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Teenage Waistband (Baba O'Frilly) #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
The Humpty Pants. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight What Does The Crotch Say? #UnderwearSongs	3
Brown eyed girdle #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
The Shat Pack #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Butt Stuff by Limp Bizkit #UnderwearSongs	3
Every thong's coming up roses #underwearsongs #pointsme @midnight	3
TU Underpants #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight @hardwick @nerdist #UnderwearSongs	7
I Wear My Snug Boxers at Night #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Carry on my skid marks son #underwearsongs @midnight	3
The Mothers of Invention, Brown Shorts Don't Make It #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
"@midnight ""Pants On The Ground"" by General Larry Splatt #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe"	3
@midnight #UnderwearSongs Free Ballin'	3
My Fart Will Go On #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Hotline Bloomers #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Sexy t back #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
we wear boy shorts #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Skid Mark(Skid Row) #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight When your period starts unexpectedly, Carrie Underwear. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa's Balls	7
Smells Like Teen Spirit #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Ghostbustiers #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs     @midnight      Another some body done somebody's thong wrong.	3
Shout. Shout. Get your skid marks out. #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Britches  - Shorn Nether-regions	3
Wedgie of Seventeen by Steamy Nicks #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Red Jockstrap With Cup #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight Shiny Happy Panties...	3
Flyin' High Rise Again  #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight In Hanes Clown Posse #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #pointsme I'm dreaming of a tighty-whitey christmas	3
"The ODB classic ""Got Your Undies"" @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe"	3
@midnight Hits from the thong. #UnderwearSongs	3
Purple Hanes by Jimi Hendrix #underwearsongs @midnight	3
@midnight Elastic Waistband away again in Margaritaville.#UnderwearSongs	3
I Wanna Hold Your Hanes @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Like I'm Gonna Loosen  you	3
I can't feel my Hanes (when I'm with You) by The Waistbnd #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Uptown Girdle #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight The Devil went Brown in Georgia #underwearsongs	3
"Tighty-white. Tighty-tighty Tighty-white. The haunting chorus of Simon &amp; Garfunkel's 'The Boxer Brief' @midnight #UnderwearSongs"	3
Comando Queen #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
An American Apparel Dream #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Thong of the South #UnderwearSongs	3
I like Granny panties and I cannot lie #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	2
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Britches	3
Dingleberry Fields Forever. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #UnderwearSongs  parents just don't underpants  dj jazzy cleft and fresh prints	2
@midnight And after aaaaaaall, you're my wonderbraaaaaa #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
"@midnight @JudahWorldChamp @JenKirkman @brendonwalsh ""Sweet Loaf"" by the Butthole Surfers #UnderwearSongs"	3
It Tain't Me Babe #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs I've Got The World on a G-String	3
"Hey @midnight #UnderwearSongs   How deep in your butt by Calvin Klein Harris &amp; Disciples   #PointsMe"	3
The Safety Pants. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Can't Take My Briefs Off You from the musical Jersey Bras. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Air on the G String by Johann Sebastian Boxers @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
B-a-n-a-n-a-hammock #UnderwearSongs @midnight	4
Walk This Way (because they're too tight) #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	7
I Bet You Look Good On My Bedroom Floor @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Shat Out of Hell @midnight #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs	3
#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight Does Your Underwear Loose It's Flavor On The Bedpost Over Night...	3
Livin' La Vida Polka Dot Boxers (I got as a gift) #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Master of Corsets #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Manties In The Mirror #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
50 Ways to Weave Your Boxers @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
We be-thong together #UnderwearSongs #MariahCarey @midnight	3
Purple Hanes  #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Pretty fly for a whitey tighties  guy #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	7
Let My Love Open the Trapdoor #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
G-Strings hurt, G-Strings scar, G-Strings wound and ride up there! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Get Your Streak On #UnderwearSongs  @midnight	3
Ridin' Up Dirty #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Only The Chones #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight  Wang Chung  #UnderwearSongs	3
Skater Boy Shorts @midnight #underwearsongs #Hashtagwars	3
@midnight My Bra-bra don't dance and my underwear's got a tootsie roll #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
BoHanesian Rhapsody #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Anything by 90s alternative power band, Perfect Girdle. @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
4 Non Soiled Underpants #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Lucy in the sky with diapers #pointsmenow #UnderwearSongs #pointsme #hashtagwars @midnight @hardwick @nerdist	7
Big Bad Leroy Brown #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Sir Mix-A-Lot: Whisker Biscuits #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs Your Thong Elton Long Johns @midnight	3
When The Shit Goes Down #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
My panties are beggin me for mercy #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Rock Around the Cock Sock @midnight #UnderwearSongs	3
Yellow Chubmarine #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Can't Feel My Waist	3
Pantythieves #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Jock Jams Vol. 1 by Tommy HilfigerBoy Records  #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight #UnderwearSongs  Sunday Bloody Sunday	3
@midnight I Have To Say I Love You In a Thong  by Jim Crotchy #UnderwearSongs	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Do you smell what I smell!	3
The Hanes by The Waistbnd #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Undies in the sky with skid marks #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
The Lying Loins and Dirty Victoria's Secrets of Miss Erica Court #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
"#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight ""Little Boxers on the hillside and they all look just the same. There's brown ones and yellow ones"""	3
Bruce Spanxsteen and G-String Band #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Brown Lines [Don't wear em] #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Tom Petty's Free Ballin' #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Renegonads	3
Granny Panties aren't nothing to mess with! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	7
Shit me baby one more time #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Thank you for Pants-giving.	3
@midnight the thong song #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Cum out and play (Don't keep us separated)  #NoUnderwareSongs #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Oops I did it again #UnderwearSongs @midnight @hardwick	3
@midnight Yellow Bedwetter #UnderwearSongs	3
I Fought The Bra And The Bra Won #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight #UnderwearSongs Spanx For The Memories	3
Comfortably Numb Nuts. #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Refugee-string #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
Pretty Mesh  #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
@midnight Britches n' Pantyhose #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
Skidmarks from my Shart @midnight #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
#UnderwearSongs @midnight Paint it brown - Rolling turds	3
Rock the Clasp Bra #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Let's hear it for the boy shorts. #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Never gonna pull them up, I'm just gonna keep them down. #UnderwearSongs @midnight @hardwick #PointsMe	3
Teenage Waistband #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
You Can Leave Your Bra On  #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
We could start a company and make diapers! Pampers Incorporated! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	2
#UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe Jungle Bell Cock	3
No.1 Panty Anthem #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight	3
@midnight Love You Like My Best Thong #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
@midnight Boom Boom Boom I Want You in My Fruit of the Looms #UnderwearSongs #PointsMe	3
@midnight Eight Days (of the) Week Underwear #UnderwearSongs	3
#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight Who Are You, Depends...	3
Girdle, You'll Be On A Woman Soon #UnderwearSongs @midnight #pointsme	3
Underwear Have You Been All my Life #UnderwearSongs  @midnight	3
#UnderwearSongs #PointsMe @midnight The Night They Pulled Them Panties Down	3
Panty Riot! #UnderwearSongs @midnight	3
Slow Ride-Up #UnderwearSongs @midnight #PointsMe	3
Panty Line Bling #UnderwearSongs  @midnight #Hashtagwars	3
"@midnight  ""I like mine tight, not running up my thigh"" ~sir chafes a lot #PointsMe #UnderwearSongs"	7
@midnight Haynes on Me Hater #UnderwearSongs	3
Hand In My Jockeys  @midnight #UnderwearSongs	3
Puss 'n bootaaaay (too easy?) @midnight  #UpdateAFairyTale	3
"Hansel &amp; Gretel &amp; TOR. @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale"	3
Snow White the drug lord and her Seven henchmen #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
@midnight Snow White checks her privilege. #updateafairytale	6
Brer Rabbit vs. The Board of Education. @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	8
The Pied Piper of the Unemployment Line #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
Lunesta beauty  #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
Meth, mescaline, and pot... The addict sold the clock. #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	8
It's bitsy spider climbed up the water spout  with out a problem because, drought. @midnight  #UpdateAFairyTale	8
@midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	3
The Candidates Grim. #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight @kurtbraunohler https://t.co/ESivtStSm4 https://t.co/QrUaSx6mnc	7
Hickory dickory cornpone. This chick was sucking my iPhone @midnight  #UpdateAFairyTale	3
The LGBT Godmother. @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	3
@midnight #updateafairytale Jack and his Viagra stalk	7
Tumbleina : The story of a girl and her Hoverboard #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
"#UpdateAFairyTale @midnight. Sleeping Beauty; my night with Lord Cosby."	8
Snow white and the seven little people.  #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
Snow White and the Seven Republican Candidates #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	8
Little Miss Queef-it #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
@midnight The President's new clothes #UpdateAFairyTale #DumpTrump	3
Indian in the internment camp cupboard #UpdateAFairytale @midnight	6
"@midnight #UpdateAFairyTale Jack &amp; The Bean SHAFT"	3
Kim Kardashian and the wish granting bbc #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
Gangsta Rapunzel #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
The brothers grimm fandango #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
@midnight #UpdateAFairyTale Pinocchio discusses termite control	8
Goldilocks and the Three Frat Boys #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
The non-traditionally attractive duckling #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	6
@midnight #UpdateAFairyTale dyed- ginger bread man	3
@midnight Three white pigs and the beating of a black teen wolf. #UpdateAFairyTale	8
#Updateafairytale Sleeping Pewdie Pie @midnight	3
Mixture of middle Eastern culture aka Aladdin #UpdateAFairyTale #PoliticalCorrectness  @midnight	6
THOT with the glass shoe #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
@midnight a midsumer nightsweats #updateafairytale	3
Snow and the 7 White Oscar nominees @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	6
@midnight  The Old Woman  That Lived In Section 8 Shoes #UpdateAFairytale	3
Charlotte's Web cam. @midnight #updateafairytale	3
There was an old women who lived in a shoe. Damn Daniel! Back at it again! #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
"#UpdateAFairyTale ""Snow White and the Seven Dwarves visit Planned Parenthood"" @midnight"	6
@midnight #UpdateAFairytale   Humpty Dumpty sat in an Uber car.	1
The Princess and the Chickpea #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
@midnight #UpdateAFairyTale Old Motherfucker L. Ron Hubbard	7
@midnight @midnight Humpty dumpty fell on a cock, humpty dumpty was in great shock #UpdateAFairytale	7
Fivel the pizza rat #UpdateAFairytale @midnight	1
Stepmother Goose and Your Dad. #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
#UpdateAFairyTale Snow White and The Seven Oscars #OscarsSoWhite @midnight	6
Tumblina  #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
@midnight The Beauty and the Trump #UpdateAFairyTale #DumpTrump	7
@LindaSHinds @midnight Gulliver ' Travels Blog #UpdateAFairytale	1
Manag a trois pigs @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	1
@midnight Tinderella #UpdateAFairyTale	7
Beauty and the Bestiality    #UpdateAFairyTale  @midnight https://t.co/4gIxvZdWvq	6
Cecil the lion king #UpdateAFairytale @midnight	6
Peter Piper didn't pick a peck of pickled peppers because Mexicans took his job. @midnight #UpdateAFairyTale	8
Little Miss Muffet was happy that hip-hop made bigger tuffets popular @midnight  #UpdateAFairyTale	2
Alice Through the Google Glass #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
Wee Willie Hitler #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
Rapunzel let down them Brazilian extensions #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
The Little Kerrmaid #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
The Boy Who Cried GamerGate #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
Goldilocks and her Three Dads #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
Chicken McNugget Little #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
...and they lived in mediocrity ever after. #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
The Fox And The GMO-Free Grapes #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	8
Jack and the Certified Organic Beanstalk #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
With the Republican establishment's backing, Rubio can still win this thing. #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	6
Alice's Adventures in the Twitterverse After She Tumblr'd Down the Rabbit Hole #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
The little old lady who lived in a shoe that she found on Airbnb #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
//Little Reddit Riding Hood #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	1
The Princess saves her own life.  #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	3
And they lived happily ever after but someone brought a selfie stick with them and started instragraming the trip. #UpdateAFairyTale	3
The Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf Blitzer #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	8
Tinder Bell #UpdateAFairyTale @midnight	7
@midnight Bridesmaids' Bachelorette Party #VegasMovies #PointsMe	3
To Circus Circus, With Love #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Shooter coming out #VegasMovies @midnight	7
Back to the Free Buffets #VegasMovies @midnight	2
Cold Deck Mountain @midnight  #VegasMovies	3
Ocean's 11 #VegasMovies @midnight	3
New Blackjack City #VegasMovies @midnight @hardwick	3
#VegasMovies @midnight  Goodbye Mr Chips	2
A Dead Hooker Under The Bed Called Wanda #VegasMovies @midnight	8
@midnight Excalibur #VegasMovies	3
Cirque du Soylent Green #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Kiss kiss bang bang a prostitute.  @midnight #VegasMovies	8
@midnight Double Cocktail #VegasMovies #PointsMe	3
Titanic: a one Woman show by Celine Dion #VegasMovies @midnight	1
VD-Day  #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Weekend At Bernie's Whorehouse #VegasMovies #PointsMe	7
Up Card #VegasMovies @midnight	3
The Hateful Eight of Spades Busted Me.  #VegasMovies @midnight Available now On Demand.	2
Black Jack Down #VegasMovies @midnight	2
@midnight #VegasMovies Freddy vs Penn and Teller	1
"@midnight #VegasMovies The Hateful 8- Celine Dion,Penn &amp; Teller, Britney, Copperfield, J-lo, Carrot top and Criss Angel"	1
@midnight Mission: Impregnable #VegasMovies #PointsMe	7
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Crouching White Tigers Hidden Dragon	3
@midnight #VegasMovies  Correction: Tango and Cash at the ATM machine	1
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Message In a Giant Coke Bottle	7
Folding Nemo @midnight  #VegasMovies	2
@midnight #VegasMovies A Carrot top in the Woods	3
Black Hawk Double Down @midnight  #VegasMovies	3
Dead (hooker in the) Pool #VegasMovies @midnight	8
Binge and Purging in Las Vegas #VegasMovies @midnight	2
An officer and a gentlemen dressed in drag  #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Gangs of New York New York #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Penn and Teller's Excellent Adventure #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies Back to the Future with David Copperfield	3
@midnight Drunk Punch Love #VegasMovies #PointsMe	3
The Proposal at 4am #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #vegasmovies Carlito's Buffet	2
Cirque de Solaris #VegasMovies @midnight	3
"Smoking &amp; The One-Armed Bandit #VegasMovies @midnight https://t.co/MGfbJgAwch"	3
@midnight Brothel [It's like Hostel but nobody dies] #VegasMovies #PointsMe	2
Of Dice and Men #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies AFunny Thing Happened and Stayed in Vegas	3
What happens in Fight Club stays in Fight Club    #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@pileckis @midnight #VegasMovies Billy Jackpot	3
@midnight #VegasMovies Independence Day and Night and Day	3
The You're So Money Pit @midnight #VegasMovies	3
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Life Of Pai Gow Poker	3
@midnight #VegasMovies The Jungle Bookie	3
Texas Hold Em Massacre @midnight  #VegasMovies	7
Jay and Silent Bob Cash Out @midnight  #VegasMovies	3
Hail Caesars #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Baccaratatouille #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies Nightmare on Fremont St.	7
Live and Let Dice #VegasMovies @midnight	3
The princess bride got married by elvis #VegasMovies @midnight	8
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Blame It On Rio All Suites Hotel	3
Always Bet on Black Dahlia Murder #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Leaving Las Vegas #VegasMovies @midnight	1
@midnight For your snake eyes only #VegasMovies	3
Inside Out Wallet @midnight #VegasMovies	2
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Throw Mama From The Monorail	2
Spotlight on a stripper @midnight #VegasMovies	3
Gone at the Wynn #VegasMovies @midnight	3
White House Down to the Felt #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight neon sign of the times #VegasMovies	2
@midnight The Shot Boss #VegasMovies #PointsMe	2
50 Ways to Leave Your Money #VegasMovies @midnight	7
Honey, I lost the house. #VegasMovies @midnight	8
Jack Potter and the Gambler on Fire #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Tropicana Thunder #VegasMovies @midnight	3
The 99cent Breankfast Buffet Club  #VegasMovies @midnight	2
@midnight #VegasMovies Hardcore Henry at the Hard Rock Hotel	3
@midnight The Little Black Notebook #VegasMovies #PointsMe	3
Harry Potter and the Back Room of Secrets @midnight #VegasMovies #NevadaKedavra	3
Chairman of the Smorgasbord #VegasMovies @midnight @LamorneMorris @RealCarrotTop @ArdenMyrin @hardwick	3
Girls, Girls, Girls, Interrupted. @midnight #VegasMovies	3
#VegasMovies @midnight shots,slots and two smokin' hookers	7
All the Right Moves (except for hitting on 16) #VegasMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #VegasMovies Harry's Pot and the All In Prince	2
@midnight Dirty Harrahs #VegasMovies	3
Double Black Hawk Down #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Alien: Accidentally Married One #VegasMovies #PointsMe	7
@midnight The Rio #VegasMovies	3
Seven (winner seven!) #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies The Wolf of Fremont Street	7
@midnight #VegasMovies The Animal House Always Wins	7
A Hard Eight's Night #VegasMovies @midnight	3
"The Lion King's All-You-Can-Eat Buffet starring Siegfried &amp; Roy #VegasMovies @midnight"	8
@midnight Bachelor America: Civil Annulment #vegasmovies	7
Heaving Las Vegas #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight Caesar's Brokedown Palace #VegasMovies	3
@midnight Dead-Liver-Pool #VegasMovies #PointsMe	7
Mad Max: Fremont Street #vegasmovies @midnight	7
@midnight #VegasMovies Julie and Julia with Emeril and Gordon Ramsey	3
Hail Ceasar's Palace! @midnight #VegasMovies	3
The Dark Night we Will Never Speak of Again #VegasMovies @midnight	7
All-In the President's Men #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies The Mirage that you'll ever win money	7
@midnight #VegasMovies Bernie goes to Excalibur	3
Break-Even Point Blank #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Cirques #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Buffet the Vampire Slayer @midnight #vegasmovies	2
MGM Grand Budapest Hotel #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Baccarat to the Future #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #vegasmovies The Loin, the Itch, and the Whore's Robe	8
Royal Flushed Away @midnight #vegasmovies	7
My Big Fat Greek 2am Drunken Wedding at the Chapel of Elvis to Some Chick I Met an Hour ago #VegasMovies @midnight	7
Elvis in Wonderland #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Legally Blonde Prostitutes @midnight #VegasMovies	3
Planes, Babes, and Automatic Teller Machines #VegasMovies @midnight	7
@midnight land before time for drinking responsibly #VegasMovies	3
Ghost in the Slot Machine #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Wayne Newton's World #VegasMovies @midnight	3
"@midnight The Hangover IV: ""Fuck, we're still in Vegas?"" #VegasMovies #PointsMe"	3
Cannonball Vegas Run #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Roulettes of Engagement #VegasMovies @midnight	8
@midnight  #VegasMovies  Fast Times At Ridgemont High Roller	3
Blow... Everything! #VegasMovies @midnight	7
@midnight #VegasMovies Tale of the Morman Underground	3
@midnight Lick-Ass... 'cause I'm piss-ass drunk and I'll do anything. #VegasMovies #PointsMe	7
Avengers Ultron Age Discount at the Buffet  #VegasMovies @midnight	2
Bellagio Brother, Where Art Thou? #VegasMovies @midnight https://t.co/64BL9gBNmF	7
Gladiator: Cesar's Palace #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Sport Book of Eli #VegasMovies @midnight	3
@midnight #VegasMovies Always Bet on The Woman in Black	3
Best Little Whorehouse in Texas Hold 'em #VegasMovies @midnight @hardwick	7
@midnight Rum, Actually #VegasMovies	3
They Shoot Craps, Don't They?  #VegasMovies @midnight	3
The Royal Flush Tenenbaums #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Sinatra nother Teen Movie @midnight #VegasMovies	3
My Big Fat Drive Thru Wedding #VegasMovies @midnight	7
Criss Angel's in the Outfield #VegasMovies @midnight	3
Champagne ROOM #VegasMovies @midnight	3
A Fistful of Quarters #VegasMovies @midnight	3
PS, I Owe You #VegasMovies @midnight	7
The Perks of Being a Card Counter #VegasMovies @midnight	3
#VegasMovies Penny Slots from Heaven @midnight	3
It’s like watching a slow motion car crash you can’t look away from 	7
But Daaaaaaad!... She Didn't Even Scream Insults Or Spread Obvious Lies! And She Used The F-Word! THE F-WORD DAD! 	8
The TikTokers of politics, just with extra cringe and guns! 	8
What came first the chicken or the egg? Second question: at what point does a corporation become a government entity? 	8
Just a broken-down hobo who's hit rock bottom and his commanding officer. 	7
[OC] Newly released pics of Georgia voter suppression tactics uncovered 	8
We know his dad was involved with Oswald, so the loop is closed. 	0
Republicans Suppress the Democratic Rights of Certain Americans 	0
So Matt Gaetz's Pal Joel Greenberg Is Said To Be Close To Doing A Plea Deal With Federal Prosecutors. Yes Virginia, There Is A Motherfucking Santa Claus. 	8
I painted Nancy Pelosi as a Banana aka Banancy Peelosi 	3
Made this after a group of covid protective style masked teens robbed a convenient store near my hometown last week...bc I can already see the comments coming on the news story 	0
"Sen Steve Daines on meth: ""Buy American."" "	8
Republicans have lost the high ground on cancel culture 	0
But what we all want to know is, who's the 8th Horcrux??? 	3
Seen on the freeway on Utah, feeding hate is never the answer. Now that they can’t fly Trump flags proudly, they do this? We are living in very strange times. 	0
Apparently COVID is REAL GUYS!!!!!!! WHO KNEW?!?!?!?!?!? 	8
Everything I don't like is Communism!!!1!1! 	0
What I've been seeing on Fox news. The return of Monke is real. 	0
This guy and his namesake. Matt Getz you absolute douche canoe 	0
People who don't understand supply and demand when gas prices go up as a natural result of supply and demand: 	0
In hindsight, his parents really should have picked a different name... 	7
When SLC Punk Tried To Warn Us About Tucker Carlson In 1999... 	0
Matt “The Sex Trafficker” Gaetz must be getting his legal advice from Sidney Powell 	8
Hard to believe someone named Tom Cotton is racist. 	8
So bad but at least it's not a Jeff Tiedrich tweet... 	7
Pot calling the kettle black. Or, you are educated and that offends me. 	7
Explain it to me like I’m in kindergarten 	7
The painting they REALLY wanted to sign this under 	7
Yes, your father has 30+ cases and won’t submit his DNA which could help him be acquitted......but go on...... 	8
What do you mean my job is to help people? 	8
*If* there were lasers in space, of course a member of the tribe woulda put them there. It was one of us that got the first working prototype on Earth. I’ve already said too much... 	0
great to have a president that actually cares about the people 	8
Squitle? That’s Really The Best You Have? 	7
HIGHEST STOCK MARKET, LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT OF BLACK AND BROWN PEOPLE, AND ALL BECAUSE I CUT RICH PEOPLE'S TAXES, LOVE ME YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT! -GOP 2017 	8
From Newsmax to Supermax in just a few hours. It's hard to keep up with the news these days... 	7
Well he DID say 100 days (not 92)... so I guess it's not as impressive /s 	0
The world if politicians weren't corrupt and everyone paid their taxes 	8
Reminder: Her MAGA president also thought Puerto Rico was a foreign country! 	7
Whenever I Purchase Shares In The Brooklyn Bridge, I Always Get Them Through The Stop-The-Steal Foundation Of Greater New Jersey. 	7
Biden's current job function in a nutshell 	0
Mitch: If you untie your own hands, I'll have to obstruct your agenda. 	8
Wonder if it is even about the children for them. 	8
Norway's government statement a year ago. Really, universal healthcare is the least of your worries when you have a President who recommended treatments like bleach injections or sticking a torch up your arse. 	6
The Women of U.S. Congressman Matt Gaetz’s Office Speak Out in Defense of Rep. Gaetz 	0
We get who we vote for, fuck me right!?! 	8
"Con someone please explain this logic why does that very word ""communist"" seem like the boogeyman to trumpers. "	7
The Karen convention is gonna be off the hook! 	7
with all of the talk about raising the minimum wage, let's look at another aspect of low wages.. 	7
Reportedly, This Was The First Draft Of Today's Statement... 	0
Traitor: A person who commits treason by betraying his or her country 	0
If the fire department acted like health insurance companies 	8
Ted Nugent tests positive for Covid-19 and tests negative for I.Q. 	7
When Democrats propose common-sense election security laws that protect the right to vote, people like Moscow Mitch McConnell call it a “power grab.” Yep, it is “WE THE PEOPLE” grabbing back the power of the vote that is morally and legally our democratic birthright. 	6
With how many posts I see on Facebook from these people, I feel like they're more insulted that racism is on the way out than those who've had to deal with it. 	6
Pharmaceutical companies after reading the headlines be like 	0
Ever notice the NRA never sues the police for violating a victim's second amendment rights? 	8
Support the Amazon union it's important don't fall for anti union propaganda 	0
“Owning the libs” and “guns on the house floor” aren’t real conservative values 	8
When you take a victory lap for a contest you didn’t attend 	7
Let's celebrate this brief moment of unity 	6
Republicans Who Don't Believe The Cannibal-Pedophile-Pizzagate Stuff Still Believe Stuff About Democrats That Is Equally Ridiculous, Equally Fabricated, Equally Likely To Fuel Domestic Terrorism And Cost Lives. 	6
I didn’t say that very artfully yesterday 	7
The masked tyranny will never defeat the brave liberty pirates 	8
Noo Biden, you can’t turn to the dark side! 	0
Would You Attempt To Fight WWII With Weapons From WWI? If Not, Then Why Would You Discuss Contemporary Politics Without Addressing Reality-TV And Cults Of Personality? 	8
Freud Was The First To Point Out The Link Between Majorie Taylor Greene And Taxidermied Baboons, But He Was Not The Last. 	7
Idolizing a politician is like believing the stripper really likes you 	7
I think Caitlyn Jenner is gonna end up broke after working with Brad. 	0
"Trump's Hill. Nothing best sums up this Presidency than this mound of dirt that this ""flag"" is posted on. "	7
Choose your color! It may safe your life... 	0
I accidentally read the comments. Coping with this meme. 	7
I’m not even surprised by this kind of thing anymore 	0
A third shooting in two weeks. To those that truly believe that this is the price of Liberty, fuck all yall. 	8
Well this is 100% unnecessary, anywhere, anytime 	0
Biden created more American jobs in 1 month, than the former guy created in 4 years. 	0
And Mississippi only changed it so the college football teams would be banned from the SEC 	0
If voters think we suck, we don't have to change. All we have to do is make sure they can't vote. /s 	8
Made the meme cuz I'm tired of hearing it 	0
Saying what everyone else was thinking... 	0
You can't break the laws if you're making the laws 	8
My this year's easter egg contribution #QANON 	0
Does this qualify him for a coin or something? 	7
Usa when Repubes heroically return their covid checks 	0
According to some news outlet a 13 year old is MAN when the cops kill him. And the other, well you can guess. We should just BAN Fox news it would probably be good for society. 	0
Am I missing something? Someone please enlighten me. 	0
Supporting gun control makes you complicit in the murders of the victims. 	0
If the GOP didn't have double standards, they would've have any standards at all 	8
Voting Republican is Hazardous to America's Health 	0
In addition to scrutinizing Donnie's accountant, Weisselberg, prosecutors also asked questions about Donnie's sons (Traitor Tot and Gummy McGummerson) 	8
When the unthinkable becomes commonplace ... 	0
For all these subreddits going after the BLM leaders as a means to downplay the movement. 	0
"It is an act of war to add an ""s"" at the end of Saving. "	0
Fox News looking like the sequel to Get Out this afternoon 	7
Ignoring her is the best way to hurt her 	7
What conservatives think when reading Oliver Twist. 	0
There is an 80s hair band for everything 	7
There are some adults who focus only on the side effects 	7
At least they're finally on the Vaccine List 	0
More like slip of a forked tongue you snake 🐍 	0
Which mouth actually speaks, the bottom or the top? 	0
Poor Gillian is bettin’ on the wrong pony. 	0
Georgia State Republican Legislators manipulating voting rights 	0
If you’re innocent then why do you a pardon in the first place??? 	0
POV: you're a 17 year old girl and just drank the punch 	0
The loudest accusers always have the most skeletons. 	7
Because a plastic toy potato not being gendered is a personal crime against God 	8
Chris Hansen just released the transcripts! 	0
The enemies are all starting to look alike 	7
Nooo! Please don’t share.......oh, yeah, and so? 	0
Obviously, Spongebob won't listen and continue to be a racist jerk. Just like actual Republicans. 	7
Is not as sensitive as those nerve endings 	7
Only lily-white Stepford wives allowed ... 	7
If you’re considering endorsing your stimulus check over to this guy make sure you put loser in the memo line. 	8
When Republicans complain you don't tweet, therefore you can't lead effectively 	7
I found some goofy people to make fun of 	0
Jon Stewart is a saint! He has kept a lot of evil in check. 	0
They spent a week teaching their base to read 	7
Governor upset at a singer’s satan shoe release 	7
From my aunt who’s a doctor to our family members, she’s over it. 	0
Tucker Carlson’s priceless live reaction to Biden 	0
The term is pro-forced-birth. If it were actually pro-life, the concern wouldn't end in the womb. 	8
Something tells me she's not talking about a trip to an art museum or the Symphony... You know, European culture. 	7
Conservatives are the best proof that God doesn't exist 	8
If only their racism didn't stop them from having class solidarity 	8
If they survived they would be called livenosaurs 	7
Suddenly they're all right-wing shitposters care about 	7
I invite you to go have relations with yourself, and with this sneaker. 	0
Top and bottom 10 states of highest life expectancy. Is it weird that pro lifers don't live as long? 	7
“oUt oF aLl ThE eMpTy PrOmIsES iVe MaDe, By FaR tHe MoSt GeNerOuS aRe ThE oNeS sOmEoNe ElsE fuLfIlLs...” 	7
The answer : Billionaires care about their property. 	0
If he really did have dementia then that just looks bad on you Donnie. I’m just saying’ 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ 	7
Wanted to sponsor a child from a developing country. Well... 	7
I’m guessing I’m not the first person to make this comparison. 	0
Conservatives on Twitter only have one outfit. 	7
DJTJ: “I could have gone pro if coach put me in the fourth quarter. “ This is not amazing, it’s pathetic. 	0
Great day for America! Putin's lap dog bites him in the ass! 	7
Republican vs. Democrat: One claims to support the average American, the other actually supports them. 	7
Fuck all y'all racist child molesting chucklefucks, and any who support them! 	0
I take issue with the way many news sites refer to 45 	0
Can You Explain How Good Government Works? 	0
for more fun lookup: Waytz, Adam, et al. “A Superhumanization Bias in Whites’ Perceptions of Blacks.” Social Psychological and Personality Science, vol. 6, no. 3, Apr. 2015 	0
Thank you for your words of caution Rudy. 	7
Conservatives Are A Weird Bunch... Then Again They Were The Ones Defending Roger Ailes 	8
Tucker Carlson sure was fashionable in his formidable years. 	7
Find it funny that this family member posted this as a burn against Biden, but doesn't realize the cartoon was made in 2017... 	0
Why are Republicans upset about these two things simultaneously? 	7
Nice to see a President stand up to Russia 	7
They are now complaining he let them know 9 days in advance.... 	0
MAGA Moron on Bumble: “Hey baby, check out the size of my confederate flagpole.” 	0
Don’t threaten to not show up and then ruin it by showing up. (OC) 	7
These Conservative Youth Outreach Programs Are Getting Out Of Hand 	0
#Indystrong. If your city doesn't have a #strong yet, be patient. The gun worshipers in this country are making sure that you'll get one soon. 	8
GOP: Who needs red states when we got voter suppression to lean back on. 	8
I wonder what else he taught them when he was there? 	0
“America First Caucus Is Going To Be Fantastic And I’ve Also Never Heard Of America First Caucus Just Like I’ve Never Heard Of Jewish Space Lasers” 	0
Yo mamma so stupid she watches Fox News too 	7
Seems to be a plantation of rotten apples 	0
I think this counts. This is from one of my posts about a year ago. 	0
Fool me once, shame on you. But teach a man to fool me and I'll be fooled for the rest of my life. -BoJack 	7
Those of you who know, know exactly what I'm talking about... 	0
How many strong presidents or leaders can you actually name that match this? 	0
Should I do a tell-all book or interview with 60 minutes? 	7
*gasp* How dare those socialist democrats raise taxes to pay for stuff! We should just add to the deficit 	8
All this “Matt Gaetz is a generous pedo” chatter is making him mad. 	7
They really make good Suckers and Losers 	7
Jr needed mirror to nose resuscitation upon hearing that the anti-cancel culture party had now cancelled Coke. 	7
Republican under investigation for sexual misconduct with a kid. Meanwhile, QAnon: 	7
Isn’t it nice to have gunships, knife missiles and dead people instead of all that stuff!? Murcia 	7
You play ball like a giiirrrrrrrrl...what are you doing later? 	7
Since the Republicans absolutely love Dr. Seuss, maybe they’d be interested in this cartoon. 	0
"Ronald Reagan demonstrating his new theory of ""Trickle-down economics"" "	7
Federal lawmakers seek funds to plug orphaned oil and gas wells 	0
Police officers after murdering a black teen! 	0
It's our fricking Republic, it's time to stand tall.. 	0
BREAKING NEWS: McConnell pictured without his human suit. 	7
Spotted this flag last week hanging off of the balcony of a house in the middle of Utah, right next to the American flag, and a Trump 2020 flag. 	0
I hear Republican Jesus has a hearty laugh. Sinner Tip: search Groupon for discounts on Rep. Jesus indulgences to save some cash 	8
Matt Gaetz's reaction to the Breaking News today about his sex trafficking 	0
Due to their disenfranchisement of social media, small town Republicans have reverted to the old ways of spreading their message! 	8
Matt Gaetz's ally and accused sex trafficker Joel Greenberg made 150 Venmo payments to dozens of women and a 17-year-old girl, report says 	0
Then how is you s’posed to sex your sister if they tern her into your brother? 	0
When Florida sends its people, they’re no sending their best. 	7
Just because I constantly criticize Biden doesn't mean I didn't vote for him to get Donny Dipshit out of office 	7
Anyone seen this movie? Can someone tell me about it? 	0
We are not going to stop climate change at this rate 	0
Matt. What are you doing in here? Out, damned Spot! 	7
They wouldn’t like this joke, good thing they can’t read. 	7
Republicans frustrated by the overwhelming popularity of the new voting-rights ‘For the People Act’ 	0
Trump's actual Easter Statement was so beautiful it belonged on a card. 	7
Cleaning My Kids Room Today and Saw This. Maybe PotatoHead really is a Mister. 	0
[Leaked] Fox News' Criminal Identification Chart 	8
Voter supression is the GQP's only winning strategy. 	7
Introducing, Florida's friskiest future felon... 	8
When you’re starting to realize you’re who Q warned you about. 	7
Another GOP double standard??? I'm SHOCKED /s. Not unlike their sudden concern about debt/deficits & the welfare of immigrant children 	8
Of course Matt Gaetz is using government resources on #FreeBritney at a time of national crisis. Dbags gonna be Dbags. 	7
"Give your balls a tug you ""well-regulated"" twatwaffle cheese dicks "	7
Multiple Women Accuse Bernie Sanders of Trying to Give Them Free Healthcare. 	8
McCarthy et al can STFU with their selective outrage 	7
Politicians are quick to blame the boogeyman. ANY boogeyman, for anything 	7
The day after Red states get legal weed....... 	7
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley is a remarkable dipshit 	0
Only one party makes it easier to buy guns to murder people than to vote. 	8
Some graphic designer somewhere is a frikkin genius. 	0
He mentions his dad as much as Bobby Newport. 	7
Do you know who else personally made all the scientific breakthroughs in their country? Stalin, Mao, and Kim Jong Un. 	7
Is This a Gentle Enough Truth Bomb for Liberals? 	8
Ted Cruz really has no grasp of reality. 	7
Weapon identification test at the police academy 	0
Tucker Carlson's Yearbook Photo From 1991, Besides Having A Serial Killer Look, He Was In Clubs That Honored Dan White & Jesse Helms 	0
Matt Gaetz is unavailable for comment today 	8
It's amazing how prophetic George Washington was 	7
"Madison Cawthorne has a lower bar to clear... :D This had me ""rolling""! "	0
0 Senate Republicans voted for the pandemic relief bill because of 👇. Fu@king Pathetic 🤣 	7
Image of our Founding taint sniffer. Found in my phone while spring cleaning. 	7
Y'all remember when this shit was everyday? [this is real] 	0
It never ends. It is so disgusting and abhorrent. 	0
Nah not rabies-more like the Dunning-Kruger effect 	7
It’s too bad we have no realistic way of taxing stupidity. This country would no longer have a budget deficit! 	8
Just doin the Lord’s work. I accept paypal, venmo, & cash app. 	8
I really hope there’s a special part of Hell for sex traffickers and their clientele. Silly me. I could’ve just said “the Republican Party.” 	8
Matt Gaetz...a one president, one child man. Frick you! 	8
Democrats are center-right (and that’s okay) 	7
So Maga just basically wants a Monarchy... 	8
For all the ladies out there that have never considered lesbianism, this may change your mind... 	0
The Republicans are making sure that election fraud is real! 	7
A̶ ̶b̶r̶i̶d̶g̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶n̶o̶w̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ No bridge to somewhere 	0
American politicians when shit hits the fan 	7
"Jobs skyrocketing; 5 million BIDEN vaccines per day. 5 DoJ investigations into MAGA.....mmm, this is delicious. "	7
Now that we know about Matt Gaetz being investigated for sex trafficking, Qanon has gone through a sudden rebranding. 	7
‘If kids are old enough to be shot, they’re old enough to have an opinion about being shot’ 	8
They are ALWAYS voting against their own interests 	7
Kemp's now whining about cancel culture after canceling voter's rights 	8
Guys, you're not going to believe this, but I think Roger *might* be a raging hypocrite 	7
Between a sitting congressman posting this on Women’s Day and Arkansas’ abortion ban yesterday, is it me or are the GOP’s views on women shining through more than ever now that their takeover of the judiciary is complete? 	7
Turns out the REAL global sex-trafficking cabal was the friends QAnon made along the way. 	7
Yeah,Republicans wanna call me a socialist from voting for Biden, the first page of this assholes new website it’s nothing but asking for money. 	7
Gym Jordan leading racist and pedophiles since 1985. 	7
“Oh you disagree with it? Sure, well just send it on back!” 	7
Republicans standing behind Derek Chauvin is too much 4 me 	7
Blaming the senate parliamentarian is WEAK SAUCE 	7
Stressful being a cop in the US nowadays 	7
Duckworth Just Murdered Tucker Carlson on Twitter 	7
The human brain isn't fully developed until 25 years of age. Everything is there except for the frontal cortex, which is the last thing to mature. An immature frontal cortex explains the spectrum of teenage behaviors: it's what makes adolescents adolescent. 	0
"After Kyle murdered two people the local police ""thanked"" the group for being there and gave them water. The cops can give water to a domestic terrorist but I can't give water to a voter waiting in line in Georgia. ""bOtH pArTiEs ArE tHe SaMe!"" NOPE! Once is CANCER! [Thanks to u/wkovacsisdead] "	7
Celebrating KING*DTRUMP days since Jan 6th 	7
I was trying to research about Margaret Thatcher and find out why some hate her and others love her. All I needed to see was a video from PragerU glorifying her. Now I know she was trash and no good. 	7
Guess someone thought that going green meant going Greene. 	7
"I'll never understand how they translated kneeling over ""racial injustice"" into ""disrespecting the military and hating America"" "	8
Way ahead of his time, in 2011, Alec Baldwin masterminded the push to make Donald Trump president solely so he could play him on Saturday Night Live, prove me wrong. 	7
Dow, S&P 500 set records Thursday morning following strong economic data on jobless claims and retail sales under President Joe Biden's BUILD BACK BETTER plan. (Trump predicted otherwise) 	0
Sheesh, so much for hating on “Cancel Culture” 	7
Conservatives whining about too many regulations and too much taxes...be like: 	7
So this is the future that liberals want? 	7
Yes Trump One. (Bless yer little orange heart, Granbury) 	7
everyone: cops should stop killing people. cops: pink 👏 handcuffs 👏 to 👏 raise 👏 awareness 👏 for 👏 breast 👏 cancer 👏 	8
Ted Cruz is mad that ... Joe Biden wants everyone to be vaccinated by July 4th? 	7
some would argue it's an Emmy winning performance 	7
Hey Siri, show me Dunning-Kruger personified 	7
Evangelicals respond to Mike Huckabee’s recent tweet 	0
These two guys on live TV today be like, 	0
Don't get shot at this local establishment! 	7
Here is AL State Sen. Tom Whatley (R-Auburn), who recently voted for an anti-trans bill, liking content from a trans porn account on his official twitter. The irony is thick enough to drown in 	5
Y’all remember when this famous sex trafficker got a slushee thrown in his face in Pensacola? 	7
"I'm not sure ""incompetence"" is the slam dunk defense here... "	7
“Odd” that anti-vax seems to be a largely right-wing thing. I’ve yet to hear about the efficacy of “thoughts & prayers” in treating COVID-19 	8
The real reason the right is upset tonight 	0
This shameful display is the cause of the degenercy in western society! We need to observe the horror in great detail...and maybe slow it down just a bit to focus on it a little more...and download it for private viewing later to get all the juicy, hypnotizing details... 	8
Draining the swamp would destroy his habitat 	7
Matt Gaetz wanted his scandal to be called #GaetzGate after Elongate but #PizzaGaetz is the pineapple pizza of hashtags 	7
No worries Matt the Molester. You can get a haircut in prison. 💇‍♂️ 	7
An AR-15 is not normally used to protect Congressional officials so why should she be refused protection by security detail with a gun? Please explain gun touting GED Barbie? We’ll wait..... 	7
lol bruh no one believes any woman said that 	7
A reminder why people voted Republican this year 	0
Voting legislation should be just common sense 	0
American psycho poses with Christian Bale 	7
Mitch McConnell when corporations use their near unlimited political influence he devoted his career enshrining into law to criticize GOP voter suppression 	7
The GQP is clutching their pearls over dems providing Covid relief. I think Jeff sums them up quite nicely. 	7
It’s almost like the world’s most famous narcissist never gave a fuck about those who support him... 	7
Why does he always look like a dog that’s trying to understand a magic trick? 	7
Wait wasn't Russia just a liberal media hoax? 	7
Someone needs to tell the governor it would be slightly difficult to run Amtrak from Union Station in Los Angeles to Honolulu 	7
Constitution framers were obviously high AF in 1787 (fast forward 234 years) 	0
A small story about a shepherd and his brain dead sheep 	7
Doing what they do best. Pretending like they care... 	7
The anti-science party can't figure out why 	7
Essentially sums up the US police system in black cities 	0
Matt, can you comment on the Republican Pedophile Ring? 	5
How about 200 million vaccines in 92 days Dan? Waiting to hear how impressed you are (not holding my breath) 	7
They lies they peddled ended up hurting them 	0
Doing his best work for his true masters 	7
Military leaders thrash zero-service trust-fund-baby Tucker Carlson after comments about female troops 	7
They’ll also shoot you if you have a phone, toy truck, ice cream, are running away, or existing as a POC. 	7
When your QOP rep can’t spell her own name correctly. 	7
All men are equal for the new US government 	7
Hey you warthog faced buffoon, what you lookin' at? 	7
The Treachery of Idiots (This is not a taser) 	7
Time to stick to your so-called principles 	7
Hats-off to Matt for being prepared 16 years in advance 	7
Background: Tucker talked smack about women in the military, Marines leadership told him to get bent, conservatives are furious the Marines hurt Tucker's feelings 	7
Vaccinate. Or don’t. Just don’t spread the virus or your stupid to the rest of us. 	7
Corporations are People! Shut up and deposit into my bank account. 	7
Nothing to see here, kindly move along people 	7
Get ready for the armchair critics y'all... 	7
Mm, delicious Anglo-Saxon culture. Tastes like racism. 	8
“Shut up about Georgia already and Give me Money!” 	7
Your honor, I may have been slowly choking the life out of him but did you know he did drugs? Clearly that was the actual cause of death. 	8
“I say Chaddington, those Americans sure do treat their colored fellows poorly.” Americans who treat colored fellows poorly: 	7
The religious right really isn’t going to like this one. 	0
To make a point blue states should try to pass comical laws to raise awareness about the new voter restriction laws coming out of red states. For example. Anyone who makes more than $300,000 a year, needs to drive to the voting booth in a car worth less than $999 registered in thier name. 	6
For all the Jacobs out there a small history lesson. 	0
He who controls the remote, controls the world. 	0
He may rank #1 but Stephen Miller will always be a giant #2 in my book. 	7
Republican Jesus Christ feeding the hungry 	0
This must be where Matt Gaetz does his banking 	7
Mitch McConnell attempting alternate means of fundraising, after telling corporations to stay out of politics. 	8
Am I so out of touch. No, it’s the working class who are wrong. 	8
Whenever I'm asked who deserves and who doesn't. 	7
“You all need to be thankful for that $1,400. Thats a lot of money to you people” — The U.S. government (probably) 	8
What zero pussy (of legal age) does to a mf 	7
Godzilla vs Kong vs American Conspiracy Theorists (OC) 	0
Here's where we would be with the other guy right now. 	0
Glorification of guns and nothing else, Literally nothing else 	7
The gap b/w what your company makes and what you get from your labor is to large 	0
Republicans forced Al Franken out within 3 weeks of his allegations. Jokes on us I guess. 	7
Fear and Loathing in the US Capitol Building 	7
There once was a man they called Gym, whose hair was running quite thin. Just like his man Trump, they took hair from his rump and wove an ass-wig to his skin. 	7
"We are literally being invaded... by ""illegals having barbacoas"" "	0
Why raise taxes that they won't even pay? 	7
But you gotta be a rebel, right, Anti-Maskers? 	7
My immediate thoughts after waking up to this... 	0
The fricking one percenters need to pony up. Fund the IRS 	7
“The GOP... We’re Not Monks For Christ Sake!” 	7
This would explain the weird 9mm batteries 	0
There is no division between the Democratic party and Biden!!! 	0
The biggest difference isn't policy, it's ethics. 	0
Hey, at least it’s better than socialism! 	8
I’ve seen zero conservatives upset by this 	7
Unfortunately not funny but didn’t know where else to post. I guess the funny part is hearing GQPers call January 6th a peaceful protest. 	7
Yo mamma is half as ugly as Matt Gaetz, which makes her the ugliest human 	7
Do you think it was because I called trump a tangerine wearing a wig? 	7
Hermione was always in favor of the 2nd Amendment - J. K. Rowling 	7
Come to think of it, people try to avoid getting caught for murder all the time. Let’s just make murder legal so we don’t have to worry about that. 	7
Boehner looks burned by the whole experience... 	0
Pretty much any Governor of a red state. 	0
Conservative Criticism of Biden’s Border Policy 	0
One of these things is not like the other ... 	7
Me knowing that me and my family and non crazy friends have all been vaccinated as more antivaxxers get sick: 	0
"This is a little technical. A friend of mine is a DHS subcontractor. DHS and their subcontractors and many police departments wear their gun and taster ""crossbody"" to prevent this from happening. Meaning you NEVER put your gun and taster next to each other. "	7
Strange how small things become so important when there is REAL business to take care of. Thanks for nothing GQP. 	7
Just came across this lovely comment browsing Facebook 	0
We all know we wish Lil Nas X was giving us a lap dance 	0
"FL Gov outlaws ""vaccine passports"" but simultaneously makes stricter ID laws for voting. "	8
People be crazy here in Trump country (douche canoes) 	0
When ever Republicans gerrymander back into power. 	8
Yoda had great insight into current political climates. 	7
How much would I have to pay for someone to put this up on Gaetz parking spot? 	0
Do those gang members happen to be amazing dancers like the ones in West Side Story? 	0
Not funny, but we should laugh at this idiot 	0
Republicans assume that once something is built it will last forever and refuse to pay for the upkeep ... 	7
What the Trump family did to the Republicans 	0
They forgot the landmines and bullets on this long way 	0
I’m confused, do we like liberty or not???? 	8
What’s so funny? Ever seen someone fall? 	7
Criminals don't follow laws which is why I think stoplights should be replaced with art sculptures. 	7
Congress helping regular people? Unacceptable! 	8
Why does this really specific thing keep happening to me? 	7
He has no RaGaetz , not even a single minor 	7
Some harmless banter between me and my American wife. 	0
Stumbled across Mitch McConnells family reunion 	0
Yo Mamma... Should Really Have A Conversation With Her Daughters About Avoiding Young Republicans 	7
No offence but damn it’s not a cult calm down 	7
*CDC says vaccine is safe* -> QBoomers mobilize: full Facebook comment assault! 	7
Trump 2024: “The only mask you’ll be required to wear, will be over your eyes” 	7
"I can imagine the RWNJ reactions, ""OMG, First Mr. Potato Head and now this???"" "	7
I’m sure he’s more than ready to take a crack at the job. He’s probably lining up the ideas right now. Maybe starting with a father-son “coke” session. Whatever plans to get the support of the powder-white will most certainly rock. 	8
American dad are excited for their 'hilarious' photo ops, which double as evidence of premeditation should they act on their threats 	7
Bided Accused of Faking Mental Sharpness 	7
At the book store after a year of quarantine 	0
some people need to learn some critical thinking instead of just watching fox news 	0
Saving the environment to own the libs! Task failed successfully. 	7
Conservatives seem unclear on the concept 	7
Poor TDS Research Staffers.... They’re Going To Be Up All Night Putting All Those Together 	0
"If you ""left the left"" because of a-holes online, then you were really just looking for an excuse. "	0
Blue lives are no longer above jurisprudence. 	8
And fuck the republicans who won't get out of the way! 	0
"And, what do you mean, ""I don't pay my bills""? Why do you think I'm broke? Huh? "	7
They’re sending their best, it’s real sugar, very delicious. 	7
There's no room for racism in royal family 	7
So it turns out everything I know about the Debt is a lie 	8
Dang it Tate Reeves, we thought your state of Mississippi was making progress... 	7
Republican Presidential Candidate 2024 - He ticks all the right boxes. Corrupt businessman, racist, religious fundy, Cocaine addict, hypocrite and lastly he's white 	8
I couldn't pinpoint who Matt Gaetz reminded me of, then it hit me. Edgar from MIB 	8
Hope this fits. Just scrolling though the news... 	0
The real reason tRump got the Vaccine.... 	0
Rand Paul Claims Biden’s Infrastructure Plan Infringes on Bridges’ Right to Crumble. 	8
Attacks on democracy really stimulate their reading time 	7
This could be a great conversation starter 	7
“Also I’m afraid to say what I REALLY think” 	0
Clearly the national debt only matters when a democrat is in office 	7
"Picture it; the Capitol Building, January 6th..... "	0
No worries, a Democrat will make it all better. They always do. 	7
The Republican propaganda arm is too good 	7
Pssh, 50+ days without either a Biden press conference OR a Trump insurrection... 	8
Maybe just get rid of the cages instead of using them as a photo op 	8
The Federal Sentencing Guidelines have a way of focusing the mind. 	7
When all you have is a hammer, everything is a gun. Or something. 	8
The fact that you arrested a black woman on bullshit charges while your white boy club posed under a plantation says it all. 	7
I knew most of my boomer relatives didn't go to college, but I never realized how dumb most of them were until the reign of '45 	0
Two intelligent beings who knew to use tools, communicate and survive. 	7
When conservatives say corporations should stay out of politics 	7
Happy Women's Day to our favorite and most amazing women! 	0
We may have different motives, but sometimes we can agree regardless of political views. 	0
I always post this when hunting season begins in the US. Cause nothing ever changes 	0
Commemorate Q's failure on Donald Trump Day, January 6th 	7
Something we can all agree on... (ha ha ha probably not) 	7
6 (of 7M) develop “complications”, “maybe” because of Johnson & Johnson vaccine, & 1 dies - entire roll-out is halted in middle of a pandemic. 8 die in latest mass shooting... nothing will change. I thought that was pretty “funny”... 	8
BlAmE ThE DeMZ FoR nOt GeTtInG $2,000, BrO!!! 	7
Reminder they’ve been pulling this shit since the 80’s. Don’t compromise with these people 	0
Domestic terrorists? Never... never...(in Fletch voice.) 	7
Richest country in the world where nobody has any money. With streets paved in Blood, lined with the destitute and hungry. Oh yeah, USA #1 😎 	8
Whenever I see gravy seals in cosplay I think of this 	0
We told Corporations to stay out of politics, and then I said except for contributions. 	7
Why do these different shows have the same villain? 	0
At the very least, the 24/7 shrieking has ceased [oc] 	8
War crimes and corruption is fine as long as some whites think you're the homie. That's what Reagan taught America. 	8
Robert Mueller when he tries to finish the investigation, but something new pops up 	7
Michigan GOP Chair and disgraced UM Regent Ron Weiser gets building dedicated to him 	7
What, you never had a knife fight while the police watched?? (WARNING: Kathy Griffin's dark sense of humor) 	7
I suppose human stick figure did try to warn us about those killer hammers 🔨 🙄 🤔 killing more people than guns. 	7
I’ll be fighting right by your side! From inside my lavish, cozy mansion of course. 	8
StarTribune: DOJ taking a closer look at Minneapolis police - 4/22/2021 	0
I Wonder What Donald Trump Will Be Reincarnated As? Tumble Bug? Tapeworm? Festering Ball Of Puss? 	7
Mr. Gaetz, is that your forehead or a 747 landing strip at the top of your face? FRICK YOU 	0
Apparently, Lindsey is one of those super-hero gunmen you see in the movies that can kill 12 people by himself without even reloading. On the other hand, its obvious he's put some thought into this. Perhaps its the opening scene to a more elaborate rape fantasy. 	7
If anyone’s interested, I have a CashApp. 	0
"If you uncheck this box, daddy won't love you anymore the running joke of America: the ""republican"" party. "	7
Pick Your Own Definition of Cancel Culture 	8
When Your Sexual Preference Potato Gets Taken Away... 	8
If you can’t beat ‘em, disenfranchise them. 	8
Gonna tell my kids this was Kyrsten Sinema 	7
Can we go back to Covid lockdown please? 	0
Friendly Reminder for those who just arrived 	0
Recently heard about the unjust sanctions on Venezuela after the US has been meddling in their affairs for decades! 	0
Private Citizen: Bad / Public Official: Wat? 	7
How about we track every bullet (especially the police) has and how they shoot it? 	6
So close. Why wait until we’ve landed? (OC) 	7
When you give someone that 1 star review 	7
Thoughts and Prayers to All Impacted by Gun Violence 	0
Just FYI - barricading the door, hiding out of sight, and arming yourself with anything as a weapon are the suggested actions during an active shooter situation. Duck and cover doesn't protect against nukes either. 	6
The can't tell the difference! Can they? 	7
Trump is back in Manhattan this weekend handling some “legal affairs.” 	7
It's not like anyone expected him NOT to turn on his fellow *ahem* accused child sex trafficker and party bro by now 	8
People never ask how we're gonna pay for the gigantic military budget. But they do when talking about healthcare... Sad. 	6
My vibe each time a new detail about Matt Gaetz drops 	0
GQP - cowards on top of being idiots.... 	7
When you're so insecure about your sexuality that you have to make a new sexuality 	7
Without my hat, I'm just your garden variety six-foot tall talking cat. 	0
They are trying very hard to be as dickish as possible, in every way possible 	7
Marlette Cartoon: Biden Withdrawing from Afghanistan 	0
Until the Catholic church devotes a full-on effort to bring EVERY pedophile priest to justice, they can just STFU. We can start by having churches pay taxes to fund comprehensive investigations 	6
If y'all would just comply, there wouldn't be any escalation! 	7
The founders would say the f**k is an Ohio. 	7
I kinda think this has been done before but pishh yolo! 	0
Crazy how the MLB is more pro Democracy than the GOP 	7
I’m not pointing any fingers or anything... 	7
Republicans want to kill corporate tax breaks. Up is down. Black is white. (OC) 	7
Stop cancel culture…. Unless it’s not of my culture! 	7
Someone failed to understand Stringer Bell 	7
Sex trafficker Joel Greenberg is under indictment for - among other things - using fake IDs to assist in his sex trafficking efforts. 	0
I'm confused. Republicans said the liberals wanted to legalize pedophilia?? 	8
Guess what's coming back from the grave. 	7
Blockbuster has disappeared. Now it’s time for Filibuster to disappear. 	0
That corporations may pressure Georgia to change indicates an underlying problem 	7
Y’all keep your eyes open, especially for those sneaky little ones... 	7
actual home invasion VS how conservatives think they’ll react 	0
Moscow Mitch to Corporations: “Stay Out of Politics Unless You’re Writing a Big Fat Check” 	8
Gotta hurry up and do something about the LGBTQ community before our children are harmed! *school gets shot up* We don’t care about THAT harm! 	6
The Blue Dog senator is a Republican's best friend 	7
Major League Baseball made a PRIVATE SECTOR BUSINESS DECISION and GQP politicians think THEY should get a veto on PRIVATE BUSINESS DECISIONS, led by weasel-in-chief Moscow Mitch, who now whines that business should stay out of politics. 	6
Comprehensive timeline of Trump's fight against COVID 	0
Turns out the 38yo man who adopted a 12yo Cuban boy in 2013 is kind of a creep 	7
Angelo Saxon. relating to or denoting the Germanic inhabitants of England from their arrival in the 5th century up to the Norman Conquest 	0
It's an Older Meme, Sir, But It Checks Out 	0
How come all the things that are even close to QAnon conspiracy theories are committed by Republicans? 	8
Check out the NRA's bold, new membership drive: IF YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO LIFE, YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO A GUN!!! 🇺🇲 	8
Ted Cruz is pure garbage and today is trash day. [OC] 	7
Those damn boys are whackin' in my high school again! 	0
Champ and Major spill it all on the next Oprah!! 	7
Remember the evil Migrant Caravan, too? Aaaany moment now... 	7
Frick you! Marry me bitch and drop outta high school. 	0
Stiffer penalties will help reduce inner city [police] violence 	0
Cancel culture is what you get when people can’t fucking vote. 	0
Latest Data Showed 12% Of People Naturally Infected Had No Antibodies After Only 6 Months... Get Vaccinated Folks 	0
Imagine that. A dead beat Trump, who would have ever guessed. 	7
If Fox News existed when Jesus was crucified: 	0
When people making $25K/yr. complain that a wealth tax will ruin the country, I tell them these guys already have... 	7
Conservatives are funny because they will tell you stuff like this with a completely straight face 	8
Q in Qanon must stand for Quiet when Republicans are involved. 	7
If uncle Joe unfucks Trumps acts any faster Ivanka and Eric will disappear by Monday... 	7
Do we like political humor that isn't rooted in current events? 	8
The only looney tune lunatic we need to cancel is you! How do you have so much time on your hands when you are “running” an International corporation?? 	7
Insert witty pun about “fossil fuels” here 	7
"Literally everyone knows what they actually mean when they say ""Anglo Saxon political traditions"" "	0
20 years are way too long and wasteful spending.... 	0
Just a reminder that many patriots aren’t white. And lots of whites aren’t patriots. 	0
Accidently called Mr.President Bo Jiden today. Thus, Bro Jiden was born. 	0
It's almost like they don't want their target demographic to be able to join the site 	7
The GOP pants racist, guys, we’re just making it up!!! QAnon just made a major derp saying so, BrO!!! 	7
The real reason the GOP is screaming about Dr. Seuss, Mr. Potato Head, and cancel culture is the right-wing's favorite 5 letter word. 	7
Introducing the “I’m concerned about election integrity” starter pack 	7
The nine most satisfying words in the English language: I'm here to administer 5 million vaccines per day 	0
Remember when these snowflakes laughed at people for boycotting homophobic Chick Fil A? 	8
QAnon did warn us about sex traffickers from Hollywood. 	8
If only Democrats had tried harder to be bipartisan, Requblicans were sooo close to wanting to work with them... 	8
Big Daddy Trump done did tole me Ah ain't gotta wear no mask 	7
I often wonder how history will remember us 	0
Chitlins had my vote until I read this response 	0
The simplicity of this dumb-fuck leaves me dumb-fucked. 	0
Ugh! Who gives a crap about them... well, on the bright side 	0
They Never Age Well... No Matter Which Party Says Them 	0
It's not fun when your own arguments are used against you. 	7
When the Dems start to do things people like. 	7
We need to be sure no-one here got themselves a vagina over the weekend... 	7
I have the best people, I am the best people 	7
Honestly just the KKK slightly rebranded 	7
He should have rethought the name of his new conservative political group... 	0
"The GOP: “Let's not adjust to more popular policies, let's make it as difficult as possible for Americans to vote"" "	7
Don't think they'd understand the meaning of fucktangle 	7
“With verdicts like this, why would anyone become a cop?” 	8
Conservatives: Woman getting aroused - bad. Woman getting sexually assaulted - good. 	8
Athletes aren't objects for your entertainment 	0
Send Tuition Reimbursement Auditions to @mattgaetz 	7
Hide your daughters, not your son/This pervert sure likes 'em young! 	6
In The Grand Republican Tradition Of Blaming The Victim, Great Value Sarah Palin Has Made A Video Condemning Democrats For The Fence Around The Capitol. I Seem To Remember Something About A Recent Coup Attempt. 	7
"Moscow Mitch: ""If your opinion is different then mine, keep it to yourself... but either way, I'll take your money"" "	8
Well sports fans, that is a high, hard one, right up the middle! Womp, womp. 	0
3 years into Trump's presidency vs beginning of Biden's 	0
It really broke their collective psyche, didn't it? 	7
Stop talking about Dr. Seuss and start working with us on behalf of the American workers. 	0
Give it a few weeks, he'll be the third shift host at a truck stop diner. 	7
"Because underage ""escorts"" are so much better. "	8
You're finally catching on. Voter Fraud has sort of become code for non-Republican votes, don't ya think? /s 	8
I can't tell why theRe's a diffeRence in Reaction 	8
All in response to a problem that doesn't exist 	7
Of All Lauren Boebert's Crimes And Misdemeanors, This Has To Be The Lowest. 	0
The irony is that they still won't believe it 	5
All cease and desist orders from the Guerrero family will be ignored. 	8
"And the award for ""Self Pwn of the Year"" goes to.... "	5
In fact it'd be weird if you did agree with them on everything 	7
Love It, Leave It, or Burn It? GOP supporters just don’t know. 	8
Good thing they’re not brightest bulbs in the pack 	8
I invite you to go have relations with yourself 	7
Which one will it be... quite the mystery! 	7
Suffering from representation they didn’t elect 	7
I bet the space lasers had something to do with this! 	7
If they could just keep their Darwinian natural selection to themselves ... 	8
It's totally not John Wilkes Booth's fault, it was an accident! 	7
Tell me you're a Qultist without telling me you're a Qultisit 	0
If you're a cop who's considering quitting - read this 	0
"Buying one small piece of wood to ""own the libs"". I feel sorry for his doctor wife's dry P-word "	0
"This post a dad made on facebook that has gone viral. ""Some black celebs are passing it off as their own"" "	0
These boat parades are getting out of control 	7
"With the news that Officer Sicknick died from a stroke and the immediate ""see nobody killed him"" reaction from the right, I have to ask why was Dr. Kevorkian jailed? All his patient died by hitting a button starting a euthanasian machine. Dr. Kevorkian never forced them to do so. "	6
...Paid appearances?! A website to book appearances? I think he’d make as much, if not more, charging to not open his mouth. 	7
Frankly MAGA's aren't worth the $4.50 that makes up their components..... 	7
Prisons after Florida's anti-riot bill passed 	7
Finally got warm enough weather so I could update my truck... 	7
"As an Taiwanese I always see Chinese keyboard warriors saying ""COVID came from America"" ""I support Xinjiang cotton cause human-right is a hoax"" and more personal one like"" you shameless Taiwanese surrender to murica"" Frick you CN it's unfortunate we have to use the same language with these people. "	7
Conservatives love playing the victim card 	0
If they were their own country, they’d have the 3rd highest military budget in the world. 	0
Doodle i made a while back, does this fit in this subreddit? 	0
I’ve spent zero of my life thinking about the Duke of Edinburgh, but... 	0
If you just cut up and rearrange all his speeches, it's poetry. 	7
What's something simple that can make a person show signs of remorse? 	8
"I remember debating a Trump supporter how ""no one will legalize pedophilia in the US"". Guess I was wrong in a way... "	8
Oh he must've felt betrayed by his BFF 🤔 	7
Trump's reaction to hearing that there was no hoax 	7
My favourite walk of shame pic. After the Oklahoma non event rally. 	7
Apparently Ron Johnson wasn't afraid of the MAGA rioters on January 6th... yeah, funny how that works when you're one of the co-conspirators of the Big Lie 	8
Colin Jost’s response to Matt Gaetz’ statement 	0
In case you missed the conclusion of HBO's Q: Into the Storm documentary, this jerkoff turned out to be the almighty #Q 	7
Major Biden taking a shit on the front lawn of Mar-a-Lago 	7
They share a few chromosomes, nothing more. Plus, she's a legal adult, so he's not interested. 	8
We've been through this rodeo so many times 	0
Imagine What It's Like To Have a PhD In Anything Technical And Live In America. Fox News Can Always Explain Why The Scientists Are Wrong Or Lying. 	7
Ah Gym Jordan...staggering around the House's halls .... don't let him near children! 	7
The funniest part is she's running as a Republican 	7
Please. Goddam, I hate this hacker crap. And frick you. 	0
NRA Forgets To Rise Up Against Tyrannical Government 	7
The jokes write themselves at this point 	7
My buddy and I have a good grasp on the situation... 	0
Her Daddy Would Be So Proud... If Only He Had Decided To Dunk His Head In Bleach He Would Still Be With Us Today 	7
I guess catholics get heaven points just to look the other way 	7
Just be glad you don't have a name similar to Matt Gaetz's.... 	8
Infamous Fucknugget, taint-sniffing, needle-dick bug fucker Matt Gaetz volunteers himself for Madame Tussauds but gets rejected because he looks too much like a wax figure. 	8
He's not the sharpest tool in the shed, is he? 	7
It's only cancel culture when the left does it 	8
He was supposed to be up to his ears in law suits by now... 	7
If the word “guilty” had a face, here it is. 	0
Just when you thought this GOP Terrorist Bruh couldn’t get any worse. 	7
Yo Momma Is Congratulating Me On My 1st Ever Turning Point USA Meme. 	0
I’m getting tired of these anti-maskers. 	0
Calling on all Constitutionalist to remember the 6th, 8th, and 14th amendments. 	7
Nazi Salute Lady is scared of democracy. 	8
Yea explain that! (Sarcasm for neurodivergent individuals) 	7
Fascist Food Nation: I invite you to go have relations with yourself 	7
The United States is the safest country in the world because the police shoot, kill and imprison more people than other countries!!! 	7
People really out here thinking it’s revolutionary for pointing out the obvious 🤦🏾‍♂️ 	7
We gave out water right through January 5th and we'll do it next year too. 	0
"Gaetz: ""We need to check if you're trans"" — Teen: ""You've checked me 3 times already"" "	8
"In the words of the great Michael Scott, ""Well, well, well...how the turntables..."" "	5
God Responds!! - still gets nowhere. (Corn Pop) 	0
"A little ""pro tip"" for the slow kids in the back "	7
Illegals pay more taxes than King Cheeto 	7
"Tennessee Legislature Passes Anti-Transgender Bathroom Bill, Matt Gaetz Volunteering To Be ""Official Girls Room Inspector"" "	8
I’m having a helluva time selling my ride for some reason. 	0
The only thing a revolutionary can hope when they die, is that their enemies won’t teach their corpse how to dance. 	7
Can’t wait for the bootlickers to say she shouldn’t have had dementia. 	7
"Matt hates rated R movies. Not because of the language; he can't take a date due to the 18+ rule "	8
Blue Lives Matter folks in regards to Ashli Babbitt 	7
Why else would someone want to become a cop? 	7
For those who don’t know who Ted Cruz is... 	0
I love cannabis as much as the next shoulda-been-a-hippie but seriously, water 	7
Factual information is not their strong suit. 	7
If the commies win, there won't be any more Big Macs. Therefore it's actually a good thing when my boss treats me like a pack mule and pays me half as well as one. - guy who questions YOUR patriotism and intelligence 	7
Seems that guns should be allowed everywhere... 	7
The state of our united states. Sad funny 	7
Mitch McConnell Extends Job Offer To The Ever Given 	7
Bernie's reaction when Bezos can't sack up and come to the Senate hearings on income inequality 	8
Might want to ask Aimee Knight to help as well. 	0
Just Remember Republicans... You Win On Your Idea- HAH HA!... I Can’t Even Get Through It... I Just Can’t. 	7
Now the GQP is upset when the US responds with aggression to attacks against our soldiers in the Middle East. And Biden hasn’t golfed once yet! 	8
"Ted Cruz: ""That one! Let's address that issue"" "	0
Let’s not forget conservative culture that as often as not, embraces misogyny and sexual objectivism of women ... 	0
"Guess the ""immediately"" meant the bombs not the checks. "	7
Burn your pickups to the ground to own the libs! 	8
This Man is Seriously Trying to Take Credit for the Vaccines 	0
Matt Gaetz is the real life caricature of Johnny Knoxville 	0
They should've got one at the drive through. 	0
Weirdest political cameo boss fight I've ever seen in a video game. 	7
Even by Florida-Man standards, Gaetz is a creeper 	7
The only stat Florida doesn't want to hide, revenue. 	7
Remember when Trump couldn't remember Mike Pence's name and then tried to have him killed? Pepperidge Farm Remembers. 	7
Has anyone ever seen Roger Stone and Marjorie Taylor Greene in the same room? Just saying...😂 	0
I think I may have been lied to about operation Warp Speed 	7
Are these people having a stupid contest..? 	7
Proudly representing the Grand Old Predators is Med Nugaetz! (Republicans are gross 🤮) 	8
MTG wants to debate AOC on the Green New Deal? K. 	7
"The ""Cancel Culture"" Argument in a Nutshell "	0
"Petition to start referring to Marjorie Taylor Green as ""Large Marge"" on account of the crazy eyes "	7
where were you when the vice President of the United States posted feet on main? 	7
Jim “I didn’t believe some of the (at least 177 over nearly a twenty year period) students charged to my care when they told me they’d been sexually assaulted/raped so of course I believe fellow family moral values and also grotesque Matt Gaetz” Jordan 	6
Got myself banned for life... was it worth it? 	0
A little guinea pig has run off with Trump's hair! 	7
To vaccinate or not to vaccinate... which one is it Republicans? 	7
And maybe he will finally complete a sentence. 	7
Fox got every penny out of those royalty payments. 	7
Fresh Recruits! .. uh umm ... I mean “Back The Blue”! 	8
I'm not liking the live action Jimmy Neutron 	7
But you did get paper towels that one time 	0
Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz was literally the only person to vote against an anti-human trafficking bill 	7
This has been my favorite talked about thing in a while. 	0
Frick you Gaetz! You're totally fricked! Apple Pay for prostitutes and drugs! 	7
Are these the Christian values I hear so much about? 	8
A statement regarding...bra shopping?! Robble robble! 	0
I think I finally understand evangelical views 	8
Yeah, these Reps we got were batshit crazy QAnon cultists... a plastic potato toy and fictional trouble-making cat would do better jobs 	7
The things we learn not to take for granted 	7
No wonder Melania was always scowling at him. 	7
People turning down the vaccine once they realize people who got it aren't getting covid anymore. 	7
No need to worry about killing such a popular, beneficial bill, your districts are so gerrymandered no one else will win anyway! 	8
When the right starts condemning you, just use the former First Lady as an example. 	7
We have a military. We don’t need another military. 	0
Send those COVID Economic Impact Payments back, Trump supporters! You don't want no socialism!!! 	7
Why change our unpopular policies? We can just block everyone who doesn't like them from voting, right? /s 	8
[OC] The idea for this sprang to my flesh computer & I had to bring it to existence. Please enjoy 	0
(real pic) image of proper covid cure via Trump one year ago 	0
We should convince them more books are racist next! 	8
The scammer keeps on scamming. #1 conman in America 🇺🇸 	7
Only Republicans get credit for the economy. 	0
Now that US has extracted the Oil and Lithium. 	7
A conservative scumbag hypocrite sicko named Ron? Gosh, that's never, ever, happened before 	5
I’m really happy for Lil Nas X for being able to provoke a genuine 1980’s style Satanic Panic pearl-clutching monocle pop reaction in 2021. He is going for the Marilyn Manson money. Cheers! 	8
THIS IS REAL: Fox News Article Blames President Biden For Putin's Aggression In Ukraine. Fox News Is Unapologetically Pro-Russian And Anti-American. 	8
Democrats in office vs Republicans in office Artist: happyroadkill 	0
Hard to believe it's been exactly one year since the leader of the GOP pondered on nationwide TV whether bleach could be used to treat Covid 19. 	8
Our education system and the problem with standardized testing. 	0
My right to fuck people up is protected by the constitution. 	7
It's evolving just backwards. feat. LowIQannon 	7
They are SO angry. They have no idea why, but they are. Very very very angry is the GOPotato. 	7
These guh damn commies best let me shoot fireworks out my cousin wife’s asshole! It’s my white-god given right! 💥 💩 	7
Maxine really should have chosen better words... Republican pearls are getting crushed over this one 	7
Don’t tell the GOP to slash the military budget because they’ll scream at your face over compromising safety on our streets. 	7
I deepest apologies to all Orangutans. But these guys are taking your spot on the evolution scale. 	8
It must have been tough being born with a gun between his legs. 	7
Shouldn’t be political. But thanks to a former “President” and multiple governors that idolize him, it is. 	7
Conservatives' knee-jerk reaction after a white marine gets brutalised by police 	7
Guys... Fox News Is Right. We Are Leaving Someone Out On Credit For The Vaccine. Someone VERY Important. 	7
When you forget that you weren't suppose to say all the quiet parts out loud... 	7
In case the ceremonial sage burning doesn't work, better call in an expert... 	0
Gaetzgate is giving us some great material 	7
Another good lesson from the Cat in the Hat... 	8
Rinse and repeat... SMH When was the last time the Republicans were fiscally responsible? 	7
Over 400 MAGA suspects arrested for their actions at the Capitol on Jan 6th 	0
West Hempstead! Come on down, you're the winner of a new collection of hashtags! #Hempsteadstrong! 	0
Gaetz, You gotta bump those age numbers up. 	8
What kind of self satisfied PRICK sends out a letter to remind everyone he is the sole reason why we have a COVID-19 vaccine? & never takes responsibility for ANYTHING related to our dumpster fire of a COVID response in 2020 	6
Who are of legal age is doing a lot of work in that admission/denial. 	7
Most People Don't Know That Twain Was The First To Point This Out. When Gandhi and Jean Paul Sartre Said It, They Were Merely Quoting Twain. 	0
Watch the MAGA incels have an utter meltdown over this... :D 	0
Difference between a brown person killing people and a white person killing people 	0
My personal experiences and observations seem to conflict with these survey results 	7
I'm surprised it's taken so long. I thought they'd have a crackpot theory by now 	7
Tucker Carlson calls it shame. I disagree. 	8
You right wingers need to get some new material... 	7
Would be good to see the whole Trump criminal enterprise look like Chauvin did when the word 'guilty' was spoken. 	7
All those broke people that take up for Billionaires are absolutely right. We can't raise the taxes on the 1%. It's not like all their money is liquid, and they can just get money out anytime they need it. 	7
Things to says to ICE agents trying to board your bus! 	0
It wouldn't surprise me if most of them huffed glue too. 	7
It's almost like they don't know how to distinguish individuals within a given group... 	7
Now if only Dems could be this feisty on the norm... 	7
If he unfucks Trump acts any faster Ivana and Eric will disappear by Monday..... 	7
Outsmarting The FBI Is Probably A Little More Difficult Than Outsmarting Dumbass Stop-The-Steal Voters In Florida. 	7
This Meme Is Only Marginally Less Absurd Than The Average Fox News Story About Democrats. 	7
This was on a constitution test for 7th through 8th grade at my job. The Social Studies teacher is a legend in my opinion. 	7
I'm going to be working for you. I'm not going to have time to go play golf. --Donald J. Trump, August, 2016 	0
Correcting an earlier post here to make it actually funny 	0
Two weeks I’ve been fighting for ONE outlet to be replaced. 	0
Let’s Put Aside My Crimes And Focus On Their Crimes For A Minute... 	8
Universal Healthcare is as much of a right as the right to not burn alive is 	7
Anyone notice that #StopAsianHate didn’t have people calling out “stop all hate” or “why just Asian hate?” or try to get #StopAllHate trending? I wonder why? 	8
I figured this person deserves redemption after being made a meme after Trump won. 	0
Everyone knows black people are lazy but simultaneously hard workers that can go all day without food and water /s 	8
Im not gonna say it's a conspiracy or anything.... 	7
"Trump Boycotting Coke is Funny but the ""Silenced Party"" Erasing My Comment is Funnier 😆 "	0
Trump gets banned from Facebook, twitter etc, his next move.... 	0
US police to be issued mandatory pictures of guns, in order to check what they are actually holding 	8
Bill is getting pretty tired of our shit 	0
"My cat would do a better job; a turd from my cat's litter box would do a better job... "	7
How funny would it be if the 28% didn’t receive their stimulus checks and that cash was distributed to the 70%? 	6
If you enlarge Matt Gaetz' eyebrows and delete his neck, he *almost* looks as stupid as he actually is. 	7
this chick spews the most outrageous stuff 	0
Who needs voting anyways! Too much time away from work 	7
MRW - I learned it was Trump's DOJ that opened the investigation on Gaetz 	0
The Republican irony train keeps chugging along. 	5
MAGA donors are fuming over fine print which allowed Trump to charge their bank accounts over and over.. 	7
Stop colleges requiring higher GPAs for Asians 	0
Years Of Underfunding Education Come Home To Roost In Our Politics. 	6
Cause, Matt, you're admitting, on National Television, that you did the thing some people seem to think is illegal. 	8
Prince Andrew is reportedly broke & homeless. Talk about a kick in the Royal jewels. Maybe there’s an empty room at Mar-a-Lago? 	7
when the White Supremacy vote is not enough 	7
Oh Dan Quayle... Back When We Thought We Knew The Height Of Republican Incompetence 	7
Raphael looking at his homeland and dreaming of Cancun. 	0
Someone made a matt gaetz parody twitter lol 	0
Corporations are people, my friend! - Mitt Romney 	7
Kind of political at this point but I find this absolutely hilarious. 	0
Kim Jong-Un Announces Harsh Sanctions Against US Over Daunte Wright’s Killing 	0
Johnny B.... misunderstood? No, he's still a dick 	7
And yet, he still lost. Good rate on your investment.............. 	7
The GOP didn't deserve you, John McCain. 	0
Qanon update on Trump's March inauguration 	0
You know what he likes about these high school girls? He gets older, they stay felonies. 	8
Florida Republican politicians want to legally touch your kids 	0
I used to watch this dudes prank videos. 	0
A new window sticker for companies to show they are willing to let Amazon drivers use their bathrooms. 	7
If only they understood that flying the confederate flag is possibly the most un-American thing you can do. There’s a reason we aren’t the “Confederate States of America”. 	0
Calling for a baseball boycott is as ass-backwards as one can get. 	7
This is what much of American politics feels like 	0
Welp.... That Moral High Ground Sure Did Disappear Quickly. 	6
The most useless political party over the last 70 years. Created $20+ trillion in debt on their watch... the do nothing party is the GOPedo who torpedoes the future!!! 	6
You could have just loved us. Accepted us. Nope. 	0
Facebook has done to human communication what Fox has done to the truth... 	7
Biden’s a kid sniffer, you say? Well, he doesn’t try to bang ‘em. Jussayin’. 	8
But they are the ones with the money I exchange for goods and services 	0
Watching them struggle while sipping $10,000 champagne 	8
A defense expert has testified that George Floyd died from exhaust fumes. 	8
Bitch McConnell gets bitched slapped by bigger bitches. 	5
Whatever your party, you know she's trollable ... 	7
His love of his country is heartwarming. Mar-A-Lago-Vania forever! 	7
I'm crying that I can't control the laughter 	0
MTG lost the debate before it even started. 	7
"The only children the right really ""care"" about are unborn fetuses "	8
"Did y'all see Psaki rip Peter Doocy from Fox ""News""? "	0
SMDH: “Mr. Trump - Thanks for the vaccine” 	7
As if we needed another reason to avoid Florida 	7
When no longer a minor she is, be interested he will not 	8
When You're So Creepy Even The Trump Administration Has To Look Into Your Shit, You Get Your Own Private Circle In Hell. According To Yo Momma. 	8
And a hush falls over QAnon all of the sudden. FUCK y'all 	7
Qanon nation thought they were listening to someone on the inside. All of them including Trump, were just getting trolled. 	7
I guess women are held at a far higher standard than police officers 	6
The saying shouldn't be, 'Finding a needle in a haystack'. It should be, 'Finding a specific shooting in America.' 	8
"And that it's time to blame, women, gays, blacks, immigrants, and the libs for all of their ""shortcomings"" in life "	7
Statement By The Office of Jules Winnfield 	0
Somewhere in Mexico is the man that told Cruz to “Sal de mi césped.” 	7
This is my shout-out to all the flaired users on the Conservative Meme safe space, I mean subreddit. 	7
They would lose their top two recruitment tools for getting young people to sign up for the military 	8
“I’d love to study history without being history.” 	0
The Southern Strategy is a myth that never happened! - Candace Owens Uh huh..... 	7
A friend of the Devil is a friend of mine 	0
I hope these organizations ignore Trump’s cease and desist letters because you know “You can’t always get want you want” 	7
But I Need My AR-15's In Case The Government Attacks Us 	8
Did I ever mention that Fox News is trash? They're trash. 	7
'...only candidate ever endorsed by the Taliban....'. Garry Trudeau's Doonesbury. 	7
Congratulations! You're all Russian assets! Again! 	8
We could even offer to throw in a side of “Freedom Fries” 	7
'Happy to announce that my district was awarded grants of $19,761,375 under legislation that I actively opposed and voted against.' 	6
show us on this doll where Matt Gaetz touched you 	8
Biden was my 16th choice and I am glad he is president now too! 	0
U.S. Twitter after the Meghan and Harry Interview. 	0
Ahh yes.. the full on dummies in overdrive 	7
It's getting too easy to meme this fool. 	0
What’s your religion? Oh I’m of the white supremacy domination. 	8
What do you call a republican sentenced to at least 10 years? A good start. 	6
He will serve the people of Ohio like no one else 	6
This year's nomination for World's Most Pathetic Loser goes to... 	7
If Twitter and internet white supremacist grifters existed in 1860s: 	0
Yes, I am anti-police-murdering-children. No, I didn't think I would ever have to clarify that. 	8
Goodbye to Lou Dobbs, fired by Fox after Dominion lawsuit. Good riddance! 	7
Biden Preserving Areas For Wind Energy Farms 	0
Qakooks Have Been Watching Too Much TV. The Vaccine Isn't A Secret Operating System To Make You A Borg.... Resistance Is Futile 🖖 	0
Tucker Carlson when Gaetz was calling him out 	0
You never know what those nasty progressive protesters are planning... 	7
Crazy that people are still MAGA cultists 5 months later 	7
I hear prison is nice this time of year. 	7
If I learned one thing from John Oliver today, it's that Tucker Carlson is exactly as bad as he seems. So I made a thing. 	0
"The ""Ruling Class"" would rather you remain uninformed. "	8
We miss the old Kamala 😭 straight from the go Kamala🙏 	0
A guide for when to inspect kids genitals 	6
12 Paragraph Letter Demanding An Investigation On Why Military Twitter Is Being Mean To His Tuck Tuck 	7
This SNL Weekend Update joke on Gaetz back when he was leading to storm Trump's first impeachment hearing aged really well 	7
MGT's & Boebert's popularity among squirrels at all-time high 	7
That Face You Make When You Are A Senator From One Of The Poorest States In The US, But All Your Policies Benefit The Super Rich. 	7
Pepe wants to ask the GOP how do they like their pizza? 	0
Who's the enemy-of-my-enemy-is-my-friend now??? 	0
Libertarians disagree with everyone. Including libertarians 	8
Matt Gaetz finally got a high school girlfriend 	8
"GOP: ""As the creators of cancel culture, let's whine about it incessantly when it's used against us... and then use it to disenfranchise democracy"" "	6
"MAGA Volcano Truthers Protest Evacuation Orders, Pompeii, 79 AD. ""We will not live in fear of a phony volcano or comply with the Democrat's evacuation orders. It's all a hoax and a power grab."" "	6
How a wrestling match between Josh Hawley and Matt Gaetz will go. 	0
One small step for ‘merica, one giant leap for yee-haw 	7
even when things appear to get better they actually stay the same 	0
A meme I made the day before election day, so far the prophecy stays true 	0
A steal or not a steal, that is the question 	7
Fuckin' with your cash is the only thing you kids seem to understand! 	8
Can someone be my straw-buyer? I need a new hammer at Homdepot and I don't have a permit to buy. 	0
The real pedophiles were the friends made along the way 	7
When you’ve (thankfully) lost that pedo-appeal 	8
They are gonna be out of options to choose from where soon... 	0
A “blow” to McConnell’s inner circle? Oh, do tell. 	7
So Many Crimes Committed In A Single Segment... 	8
It was hard to find a good quote by Lindsey Graham, so I just used as many as I could fit 	0
Figuring out why Republicans are upset at supposedly being lied to, getting $1400 direct checks instead of $2000 when the GOP didn't want to give them anything and Mexico still hasn't paid for the wall 	6
So... what's wrong with this? (This has been happening increasingly with past posts for the last couple of months.) 	0
At least let us buy Cuban Cigars on Amazon 	7
I feel like I've read this story before... 	5
Ted Cruz retweeted a journalist. The journalist then changed his name to 'Ted Cruz liked a porn tweet' 	7
They’re playing games with people’s lives 	8
i have a feeling that this term is going to start trending soon in some form or fashion as republicans conveniently forget about the last 4 years of spending. 	5
“Well that be be, but what we’re forgetting is anyone who doesn’t want to go to war, is gay” -Peter Griffin 	8
Look, sometimes you just gotta fight stupid with more stupid. 	7
You can invite Trump to an event. Am I doing it right? 	7
I Say We Correct Conservative Cartoons And Memes So That They Tell the Truth Instead of BS. Who Wants To Play? I just now fixed this lovely cartoon by Ben Garrison. 	7
And now I'm picturing the Quanon Shaman all dressed up and sleeping on a dog bed in his prison cell. 	8
This one belongs in the Hall of Fame 21 seconds!! 	0
“Please Forget About Song of the South” -Disney 	0
Caught with your hand in the cookie jar eh Tom???? 	8
If you still think it's a hoax, enjoy going downtown to Floppytown! 	0
To those that actually voted for this guy, may the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits. I also invite you to continue having relations with yourselves, instead of minors. 	8
TrUsT tHe PlAn LiBuRrRuLs *hits a whippet in patriotic fury* 	7
I finally figured it out... MTJ is just another persona of Marilyn Manson designed to wind people up. 	7
This explains why Ben Shapiro is so angry. 	0
Logic and reason left the GOP years ago... 	6
If I’m going out, I’m taking you all with me 	0
Watch Chauvin defence destroy the prosecution case with surprise witness that could be Ben Shapiro. 	7
N-no! It's about censorship! The good ol days!! 	8
You just know, that he has a pit of lava somewhere. 	7
Lil Nas is very talented at pissing off conservatives 	0
Politicians kill more people than serial killers... 	8
In shocking turn of events, Tucker Carlson’s FACE isn’t happy with his head. 	7
There is no such thing as a good Republican. 	0
I made these pins while he was still alive, and then he died. You are welcome! 	0
If Confederates are Democrats, then we should be able to take down our own statues 🇺🇸 	0
Don’t you dare forget who made us all these vaccines!!! 	0
When a caricature looks more like a real person than your actual photos... #RestingDeepFakeFace 	7
Paragon of Honor and Journalistic Integrity Cries Foul at Biden Response to Georgia Law 	8
The ghouls that run Herman Cain’s Twitter account have entered the chat. 	7
This is Joel Greenberg, buddy's with Matt PizzaGaetz. Bird's of a feather flock together. 	7
"What do you call someone who always votes for tax cuts while saying words they think you want to hear? A ""fiscal conservative but social liberal."" "	5
"From the ""f*ck your feelings"" & ""get over it you lost"" crowd "	0
Terf of Terf Island speaks on Republican noncing. 	0
She managed to offend as many of her critics as possible, enflame her base inferring a violent attack, and project her Nazi allegiance all in a single tweet. 	0
Give your balls a tug! Trojan Man: “It’s a big sexy world of sex out there, people having intercourse everywhere!” 	8
Clowning redefined, now with no accountability! 	6
Scooby Q and the gang solved another mystery! 	7
Um, John, so listen, you're doing a great job as the chair of Arizona’s Government and Elections Committee, but try not to say the quiet part out loud there, Bucko, Ok? 	7
My mission is to ruin Ted Cruz’s political career 	0
You can’t have both. Unless you’re Tucker Carlson, then you don’t have to make sense 	7
Dread it, run from it, the GOP taking us back to the 1950s arrives all the same 	0
I think we all anticipated a crazy post-election 	0
Georgia citizens find new and creative ways to make republicans sweat 	7
"The franchise Republicans want: ""[E]verybody shouldn't be voting...Quantity is important, but we have to look at the quality of votes as well."" "	0
These two patriots were actually praying , 	0
WEEKS of riot-rants and anti-BLM circle-jerks DOWN THE DRAIN... thoughts & prayers 	7
"If his new social media platform is not called ""Pillow Talk"" I will be severely disappointed. "	8
Everyone’s reaction to the Supreme Court’s rejection, on March 8th, of Trump’s last election challenge 	0
Snowflakes. Chicago Police killed already a 12 year old “man” in the past. So nothing to see here. 	8
I think Chauvin is going to have a whole lot of fun in prison. 	7
Conservatives explaining their values... 	0
When a Trump appointee shares his opinion that COVID came from a lab 	7
"We've Had Groups Protesting Vaccine Sites. Congratulate Me, I Officially Have ""The Mark Of The Beast"" & ""Bill Gates Secret Operating System"" (does that mean I have to be reformatted and reinstalled every couple of months like Windows?) "	8
Sign in my town - vote republican, they’ll give you “freedom” 	5
Man On Hold For 30 Mins Finally Understands Suffering of Native Americans During Trail of Tears 	5
I've never seen the GOP mobilize so fast to pass legislation to outlaw God's most creative work. 	7
Your face belongs in a ASPCA commercial bc it's depressing & makes me wanna cry. Poor ugly thing. 	7
Time for Republiqans to call for a ban on cars. Well, at least for people that look like they’re members of the Nation of Islam. Or, not white. 	7
Hope it's long and hard. Hope his sentence is too. 	0
How to protect yourself from gun violence. 	0
I wonder how Christians know what parts of the bible to follow and which parts to ignore. Does Senator Marco Rubio know this verse? 	8
Derek Chauvin's New Flag: The Thin Orange Line 	7
healthcare for old people, public safety, and education. OH THE HORROR!!!! 	6
"His ""I'm with Stupid"" shirt with the arrow pointing up must have been in the wash. "	7
Open up the prison gates...er, I mean...Prison Gaetz 	7
Come on, isn't this a face you can trust? 	7
Back away I will deal with this Twitter slime myself! 	7
I’ve got the balloons and cake ready for the day. Don’t worry, you’ll all be invited 🎉 	0
Or Republicans will “claim” Democrats are trying to cancel Winnie the Pooh. 	8
“You Keep Using That Word, I Do Not Think It Means What You Think It Means” 	7
Every time the Right says that Biden has dementia, another angel gets its wings. 	8
Don't whine to me if you don't want a solution 	6
Why does this pants shitters continue to embarrass herself constantly 	7
Guys, I'm not sure this tweet is satire. 	7
The confederates were racist traitors and shouldn't be honored 	0
He always has this excuse to fall back on.... 	0
Billionaire scams his supporters into making him richer 😂 	6
A typical antivaccine conspiracy theory, as illustrated by right wing cartoonist Ben Garrison 	7
Fetuses and dead soldiers: The only lives conservatives care about 	6
Matt Gatzs stars tonight on To Catch A Predator 	8
StarTribune: America's Afghanistan exit - 4/14/21 	0
Jill Biding's stockings? LOL. The hypocrisy is hilarious! 	0
He takes credit for everything good and nothing bad. 	0
The irony of liking this tweet is palpable. 	0
Seriously, just doing this in protest of government mandates would be a win/win. 	7
"A satirical response to Trump's ""give me all the vaccine credit, but none of the U.S. pandemic cluster-fuck-of-a-response"" letter "	6
Those nefarious russians, how DARE they? 	7
Is it me, or does Matt Gaetz look like young Jack Nicholson? 	7
I think Ben Shapiro's new game is fun and we should all join! As you can see I just went shopping at Walmart: 	0
All republicans belong in one of three categories... 	0
Being fed up with establishment Democrats doesn't make me a Republican. 	0
He wants YOU to boycott but he will still drink Coca-Cola 	7
If you can't pay your employees a living wage, then maybe you don't deserve to run a business 	0
"It has ""patriot"" in the name so it must be good "	7
I would also get some garlic, lysol, and perhaps an exorcist just in case. 	7
I Eagerly Await To Your Arguments On Why A Company Removing It’s Books With Racist Depictions Is “Cancel Culture” 	6
How Putin would solve the Suez canal blockage 	0
Conservatives fought to keep slavery and wrote it into their proposed Constitution. Conservatives opposed the Civil Rights movement. And when the GOP wanted to expand their party and political power in the mid 20th century, they used racism to pander directly to conservatives. 	5
US Representative Matt Gaetz (R, FL-1) awaits his turn to speak to a civics class for “Meet Your Government” Day at a high school in Pensacola, Florida (2019, colorized) 	0
“I care too much about my body to put Bill Gates’ poison into it” 	8
His billing rate just went up $100 per hour 	0
I don't know officer. I was minding my own business and the next thing you know it was just inside and I have NO IDEA how it got there. 	7
Ah yes, legalizing pedophilia is the Republican mantra 	8
Andrew Giuliani gets roasted by 4,000+ members of the Fox News youtube community when Fox News tries to promote him. It’s endless comedy gold. 	5
Fauci: it's 'disturbing' that Trump voters say they won't get vaccinated for COVID-19 	0
StarTribune: GOP's visage is slipping - 4/8/21 	0
Gotta make sure they’re reminded of the social contract. 	0
Georgia GOP directly after getting soundly beaten legally in the last election. Moving the goalposts so it doesn't happen again 	6
BREAKING NEWS - Donald Trump visited overnight by three ghosts, suddenly develops a conscious. Happy April 1, I fart in your general direction. 	7
Ted Cruz draws the line at Tucker Carlson 	7
Being fed up with establishment Democrats doesn't make me a Republican. 	0
Make it make sense. This Seuss nonsense is crazy, ya’ll! 	7
High School Freshman encouraged to apply 	0
Only in America can you hear someone defend a murderer with this argument.. 	8
A man briefly taking a knee during the Whitehouse celebration due to the weight of his enormous balls 	7
Maybe RSBN needs to read “He's Just Not That Into You.” I know it’s tough. But let it go! 	7
Although Trump most definitely cares about his image, it’s odd that Steve Miller was able to catch him in the “office.” And not on a golf course, or in a McDonald’s. 	5
From the people who brought you “massive voter fraud!“ 	8
They tried so hard to do a transphobic they accidentally did a pedophilia 	8
Looks like those clowns at the WSJ did it again. What a bunch of clowns. 	7
Just kidding - they don't self-reflect! ❄❄ 	7
Every single argument I have with a maga-hat 	0
StarTribune: The little engine that.....quit? - 4/1/21 	0
Debating with conservatives lately be like... 	0
So when are the indictments coming? Huh? I'm waiting? 	7
And they still think he’s the greatest president... 	8
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds. 	7
His Record Is Already So Much Better Than The Very Stable Genius. 	0
But what about beautiful clean coal pollution? 	8
The real punchline: the GOP never goes looking for anything related to the truth 	6
Got my account disabled on facebook for posting this t shirt I made! 	0
Those fricking corporations have been freeloading, and that's over. 	8
You smell like a baby prostitute... and I’ve smelt a few. 	8
America First caucus finds its first leader... 	7
Some of y’all need to be more patient, she’s just one woman 	0
"Matt Schlapp, previous come guzzler, now won't support ""woke come"" "	5
Real smoking gun you got their guys. That totally justifies the extrajudicial murder. 	6
Does Gaetz seem like he wouldn't save his own ass? This is the 3rd Act of this play, bank on it. 	8
In an attempt to rebrand the KKK has been rejected by the KKK preferring the traditional brand, the republican party. 	6
She must of found it in the recycling bin next to the copy machine. 	0
The funny part may be that the Baltimore County Government has left this on its Facebook page all day. 	0
Hate him all you want, no one grandstands better than Jim Jordan 	7
Introducing you to the REAL Manchin cycle 	7
Keep up, losers...This man knows how to use the levers of Gov't. 	8
You can always tell when DJT is lying, his lips are moving. 	7
Traitor on Twitter. Name a more iconic duo. 	7
If Fox News was around when Joseph McCarthy died: 	0
Republicans angrily turn to Pepsi after Coke comes out against Georgia voter law 	8
"When the guy accused of under-age sex trafficking goes on your show and reminds you that you had dinner with one of his possible victims, you go into the ""Tucker Pucker"" "	6
Republicans can reduce the risk of political violence with this one simple trick (it may SHOCK you!) 	0
The Christians are at church. Shhh. Don't let them know. 	7
Being investigated for a sex scandal with a minor? Shocks no one. 	8
Sad to see so many people upset with the verdict 	0
Hmm... Turtle Mitch can be found everywhere these days 	7
Please tell me it's not because of their 'good looks' - lmfao 	7
Leaked RNC Reelection Strategy Document! 	0
I dont understand the peopel in the states 	0
The solution to the failures of Neoliberalism is more Neoliberalism 	5
Republicans in libertarian comment sections 	0
An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of cure. Especially to a corpse. 	7
Actual footage of Republican rep Matt Gaetz right now 	0
They are still be picking them cherries from that tree Washington cut down 	8
Maybe The American People Should Sue Fox News and Televangelists For Damages? 	6
How conservatives sound like ignoring CDC guidelines 	6
When RepubiKKKlans have no policy whatsoever so they resort to stupidity. 	7
“If they put God back in church there wouldn’t be any church shootings.” Right? - Daniel Douche Jr 	7
Less Gov't Interference... but also more! The Logic of a #Reproblican 	7
Nothing to see here people. Not suspicious at all. /s 	7
Actually I think this flag is more accurate.... 	0
WAPO with breaking news - Matt Gaetz is young and handsome 	7
I'm going to wait to hear Majors side of the story. 	0
When you don't understand what communism is 	0
my braincells are gone to even think of a good title 	0
For Me It Wasn't A Tail. The Vax Made Me Grow Prehensile Earlobes, And I Can Climb Trees With Them! Plus There's The Built-In 5G And All That. I'm Actually Stoked! 	7
For Reference, Blood Clots Have Only Happened In Six Women 7-13 Days After The J&J Vaccine... Out Of Millions. Correlation Causation Something Something. 	6
Especially for dudes with daughters named Reagan. 	7
Integrity is confusing to people who have none. 	7
“Won’t someone think of the billionaires?” 	8
Teach the liberals a lesson and slash your tires today!! 	7
There's always somebody in the game who has to get political 	0
Remember 61 days ago when a group of people stormed the Capitol and tried to overthrow the US government? I wonder what happened to those people ... 	7
Cancel culture is bad only when liberals do it 	8
Rich People telling poor people they’re oppressed 😂😂 	7
The GQP is definitely not a “beer and blue jeans” party. 	7
“The tin foil is meant to protect from the tin foil will protect migrants from cosmic radiation, mind control, vaccine-infected zombies, and Jeffrey Epstein, in case he's still alive. 	8
The Republican mental gymnastics is getting intense 	7
The comments I've seen so far are amazing 	0
Both had Senator daddies that bailed them out time and again... 	7
Let the markets decide! Wait not like that! 	7
FYI: Child Prostitutes Don't Exist, Only Children You Paid to Molest 	8
This should be enough to get a bill passed 	7
Oh boy, here I go automated trolling again! 	7
When a Fox News reporter interviews Donald Trump. 	0
My first thought when I read the headline... 	0
Feel like this will only go over well in this sub 	0
The “I’m a douche trumper who read Atlas Shrugged” bumper sticker starter kit. 	7
Former Staff Mad At Trump For Not Realizing He Could Have Grifted His Base, more at 11 	7
"Reported by FNN ;Matt Gaetz spotted at the Fort Lauderdale airport leaving for Cancun. And no mask , what a assh*le one fellow traveler commented . "	0
Don't claim to be tapping into the spirit of a Republican that acted more like a Democrat than you were 	0
My brother found these in his neighborhood while Easter Egg hunting 	0
The Victim of Tyranny and Oppression Starter Pack 	7
Starting to think, this has got to do more with race, then voter fraud... 	8
Remember when being a republican meant something? Yeah, not so much now. 	7
"How to explain ""cancel culture"" to foreigners "	0
Trying out one of the many (failed) Chauvin defense arguments 	7
seriously,this has got to 🛑 we have to be responsible to what we are saying Huckabyebeebee 	7
Three guesses as to which dumb fuck said this... 	0
Is Ted Cruz dumb or is he just plain dumber? 	7
The QAnon caucus upon hearing the Gaetz allegations. 	0
I mean honestly, why can't they come to the table willing to deal? 	7
Matt's gotta keep his dating life newsworthy to successfully govern, especially in trump's swamp. 	8
Is every day April Fools' Day in Alabama? 	7
A confederate sympathizer telling me to go back to 3rd grade is like a pedo calling me a perv 	8
And you thought 2020 was a messed up year 	7
Shouldn’t republicans like Biden if he locks children in cages? 	8
Yes, this is Shapiro’s official account, and yes someone wanted this to be an ad 	7
I'm sure the future of politics is in safe hands 	0
but he knew it was a pandemic before it became one 	0
Conservative propaganda networks at it again today 	0
Trump supporters that filed fraud claims with banks will still call this Fake News. 	5
I have zero tolerance to whoever gaslights racism 	8
Human swamp ass doing human swamp ass things 	7
Once upon a time, the NRA was a respected organization promoting sportsmanship and gun safety. Today, sadly, it has become a pro-terrorism organization. 	7
Donald Trump attended Wharton Business University. Trump has said it's “the hardest school to get into, the best school in the world,” calling it “super genius stuff.” 	7
The US is like socialism, but in reverse 	8
America is basically 50 little countries in one 	7
Hmmm, maybe because you try to make guns look “cool”, and kids like playing with cool stuff. 	8
Sanders and Warren are my political dream team. Am I a centrist? 	0
Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you’re an asshole. 	7
Oh darn, looks like Gaetz is off hook lol 	7
I hope the prison library has it in stock 	0
"Just here for the ""it wasn't about slavery, it was about states' rights!"" comments "	8
I bet Matt really wishes he could eliminate his twitter history now... 	8
Who should we believe here? If only the dog could talk I am 100% sure he’s not going to lie 	7
I actually might have some sympathy for this taint sniffer is he wasn't such a twatwaffle 	7
Religion is for fools and the easily fooled 	8
Republicans want gun ‘sanctuary cities’ now 	7
"Okay, when I say ""defund the police"" I now literally mean ""defund the police"" "	0
Watching Trump pretend to work is hilarious. It is also refreshing that this picture is not in the Oval Office where he used to pretend to work. 	7
One's a boy and one's a man. I wonder why? 	0
Jenner’s got some big shoes to fill when it comes to celebrity California Republicans. 	7
It takes more courage to declare a military action pointless than it does to order a military action. 	6
I thought the democrats had the pedo ring? But turns out the guy who voted against laws preventing human trafficking is also a predator... 	7
Weighing the arguments that DC should be granted statehood 	0
This supposed to be a surprise or something? 	7
“Fans divided as Lil Nas X gives Satan a lap dance in new video” 	0
I’m guessing it wasn’t that tough of a decision for those executives... 	7
Lindsey Graham on Trump’s impact on the GOP: “[He could make it] bigger, he can make it stronger, he can make it more diverse. And he also could destroy it.” Hopefully this shit show only leads to the unraveling of the Republican Party. 	5
Wow, there sure are a lot of riots today! 	7
Based on a real conversation in March 2021 	0
It will go away guys don't worry like a miracle 	7
Knock Knock Who is there? A Republican. A Republican who? A Republican who isn't laughing. 	7
Dems keep holding them selves up to a standard that the other doesn't care about and doesn't lose voters for... 	8
Fox News must be struggling to find “influential” people to disagree with the verdict 	8
"Yes you do! Just think of how many lives can be saved if there is a good case of the ""Blue Flu"" in protest, LOL. "	7
"NC GQP Majority Whip: The media is too negative about COVID-19! Why can't it bOtHSiDeS this plague without all the ""hyperbolic negativity""? "	7
So was MLK, Helen Keller, George Orwell, and Thomas Payne was basically one before it even existed 	0
3 assholes in a trench coat pretending to be a political party 	7
As a progressive when the online irrational left threaten to not vote at all, in order to protest more progressive legislation passed. 	7
Keep your opinions to yourself, but give me your money... 	6
Turns out, PizzaGate was real all along! Just slightly misspelled. 	7
StarTribune: America's infrastructure - 4/16/21 	0
I’m just saying, that tiebreak vote was clutch... 	7
"Y'all may as well give in; he's not going to stop. "	0
Uhh, Chief. You're talking into your wallet 	7
Yet another US company pretending to care and then selling out to the world's worst government 	6
I like to feel the freedom right up against my taint 	7
Silver lining: Just advertise the jabs as bleach injections and we'll get to herd immunity in no time. 	8
"Is it any coincidence that the reality-TV ""genius business man"" who talks out his ass has the cult following of loudmouthed idiots who feel like they have been unfairly punished by life for being loudmouthed idiots? "	5
The Founding Fathers didn't intend for DC to become a state. 	0
They have to molest your child to make sure they aren't some kind of perverted freak! 	8
This little girl from my hometown had the correct reaction to Matt Gaetz. fuck all yall 	0
Just pull him out of your pocket and wind him up 	7
I suspect this meme I made applies more to Republican voters 	0
For Some Reason, It's All Good When It's On The Other Side 	7
Loving watching these traitors turn on each other to see who can rat out who fastest to the Feds.... 	7
Why Tucker Carlson always seems so startled 	0
This check seems sweeter this time around 	7
Matt Gaetz choosing his next campaign slogan 	0
So I typed Rogue meaning on Google Search. 	0
Somewhere Ben Shapiro is having an utter meltdown over Lil Nas shoes and for that I am eternally greatful! :D 	0
Anymore and they won’t learn self reliance 	7
Every person I've ever argued with online 	0
Tell me you’re white without telling me you’re white 	0
"Joe Manchin yesterday: ""Under no circumstances will I vote to eliminate or even change the filibuster. I really feel like this is a chance to de-radicalize the situation and come together here."" Republicans yesterday: "	0
"WE LIKE DICK! (USA, 1972) - election memorabilia, created by Richard Nixon's supporters in response to the ""Lick Dick in '72"" slogan. "	0
Ah yes, the “I’m literally a sheep” defense. 	8
"Mike Lindell of MyPillow is going to start his own ""biblically ran"" social media platform called ""Frank"" and a 'patriotic' e-commerce ""MyStore where you can get all of your conspiracy paraphernalia you want. Soon to be in MyBankruptcy then ""Frank, A Media Division Of Dominion Voting Systems Inc"" "	6
Nooooo, you have to debate these people who want to exterminate you! 🥺😭 	7
RIP G. Gordon Liddy, from the Onion's Our Dumb Century 	0
Yes....and? You have a problem with that sir? How dare her wishing everyone to love right? 	7
253 New Voter Suppression Laws in 43 states. 	0
It’s an American tradition! What, do you HATE AMERICA NOW? 	7
I'm going to pretend this is all it says and dismiss the notification 	0
Yo mamma so young Gaetz trafficked her across state lines 	7
"Sorry you don't make enough to be ""pissed"" "	7
It's not that I hate black people, I just don't like them voting - White Conservative Republicans (Probably) 	8
It was that devil rock-and-roll music that drove him to it... 	7
Cut out the shitty fast food chain, send Government money directly 	7
Got banned for calling a kid dense for still believing trump won the 2020 election. Mods muted me after this so I couldn’t message them 	0
This is the man who says Trump will be president in August? Looks like another failed businessman who voted incorrectly. Michael, please stop spreading false lies and I do hope you have to pay for your lies. Oh and stop making pillows, books, and please do not run for office. 	7
Here we go again...The pope is playing God and Republicans will be celebrating tonight. 	7
The GOP always trying to put a positive spin on things 	7
Sorry bro, just enjoying a nostalgia moment 	0
It is harder to become a hair stylist than a police officer (unless you are too smart). /s 	7
Republicans just suck at giving a fuck about people that have been born. 	7
22nd amendment means it can only be one, Trumpers 	0
Happens when home-schooled Q-atriots don't know the flags of the 50 US states ... 	7
Hypocrisy is a sport that Conservatives play 	8
Matt, Matt, Matt...will you never learn? When you're being investigated for under-aged sex, it's probably not the best idea to visit a High School girls basketball team, and the post about it. 	7
If you don’t sin, Jesus was canceled for no reason. 	8
Share with your Republican friends and family 	0
Anti-Vax refuses the definition of decline/ declines the definition of refuse 	7
We all would have fared better had he been 45 in the NFL and not the White House. 	7
McCain was a POW longer than Trump was President. Let that sink in. 	7
OF COURSE Dame Lindsay's go to if there's a crisis would be to hole up in a bunker and take shots at his constituents.... 	7
Seriously Minnesota... For like 5 minutes... could y'all just like... 'not' ... for a while? Some of that stuff ended up in operating room hardware, and banks where we keep our money to buy food and pay rent... Smh 	7
THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN {sorry for red text I'm new at making memes) 	0
Gonna tell my kids this was Ben Shapiro. 	0
But He Was Stopped Before He Had The Chance To Start Murdering Everyone... So It’s Fine. Everything Is Fine. 	7
my first post here, coming out from lurking 	0
I am totally against the government giving business money, unless it a business that I like. 	8
Majorie Greene shows she is the most irony impaired person on the entire planet 	0
Can’t you read between the lines? Aren’t your eyes open? Surely we should make some YouTube videos dedicated to this... 	7
"I feel like this subreddit is very similar; when the administration changes the memes support the president. "	0
But, wait, the funny colors give me purpose! 	7
"Does ""Racist"" Mean Something Different in the UK? "	8
Why CAN'T pizza drivers kill someone occasionally? 	8
He's the best fricking President in the world! 	0
After more thought. I’m not selling back. 	0
Also every voter should have a confederacy flag! 	0
Fuck all y'all this is why AR-15s are needed 	0
False: Lindsey would use an AR-15 on gangs. True: Lindsey is inspiring racism and offering dominance over minorities via assault weapon ownership. 	6
"The ""moral majority"" says immorality is ok now. "	8
Fox News host Tucker Carlson describes his penis size 	0
All they needed was a few acronyms and voter suppression is cured! 	8
Moscow Mitch blockading just like always 	7
The KKK, known best for Cheezburger love🤦‍♂️ 	7
It's not that complicated of a concept... 	0
I hate ripping on children, but this dude is like 40 and has a signature a 5 year old would envy. With the same level of political circumspection! 	8
But they just rammed it through! We don't do that! 	7
Latest Q Intel Drop: China Sent Joe Biden To Steal Your Truck Nuts And Freedumbs 	7
I could think of other things for him to 'identify' as... 	0
Hopefully something we can both agree on 	0
Next time you run for office, try not to cosplay as a comic book villain. 	7
Tucker asks when was last time a President weighed in on a jury decision case (after Biden spoke about Floyd case)? That has to be a joke, right? 	7
Your Tax Dollars Pay For Their Reality-TV Show. 	0
Ted Cruz's breath...I know he doesn't believe in the science climate change but he may agree with 4/5 dentists that would say kissing as much ass as he has for the last few decades could result in some serious shit breath that's spreading all the way to Colorado.... 	7
Every snowflake is unique, but some are truly epic 	0
When's the tell-all interview about the Trump Family? 	7
GQP Rep not quite thinking things through... 	0
Why is Ted Cruz trying so hard to look like Fidel Castro? Lol 	7
Republicans, if they’re not being racist they’re being sexist. Or some other -ist. 	8
Ahh yes, they're finally getting to the bottom of that liberal sex trafficking ring Qanon keeps talking about... Wait... It wasn't Bernie Sanders!? WHAT!!! 	7
I Am Part of the Resistance Inside the Biden Administration - and I fart in your general direction. 	0
I have to keep asking myself what year are we living in. 1951? How can this be happening STILL? 	7
is that your nose or did a bus park on your face? 	7
That's the fricking question, isn't it.. 	7
Now show me 6 forms of ID for voting, a DNA test, and let me see if that vagina is real or not... 	6
Not interested in MAGAs two-cents on the topic... they can't afford it 	8
Brought to you by the Montana Meth Project 	0
Racist insanity isn't funny. Drop the charges. 	8
Creepy mofo be like “You smell like a baby prostitute.” Frick you, Gaetz. 	0
"My Doctor Said It Right ""We Have A Pandemic Of Disinformation"". Got Shot 1 & Still Can't Telepathically Communicate With Bill Gates (seriously it doesn't hurt like a tetanus shot but shoulder was a little sore a couple days after) "	7
American history according to Republicans. Additional detail would be racist indoctrination 	7
Imagine throwing a hissy fit over being told to store a dangerous weapon away 	8
This party has some interesting mental gymnastics to perform 	0
You know, I think the panda might be onto something with Ben Carson… 	7
I mean there's so much more but it obviously wouldn't fit. 	0
A new token position just opened up in the GOP 	0
ooooh big man, now ready to stand-up to CEO bullies. “Hey McFly?!?” 	7
Lil Nas X brutally owned conservative Twitter this weekend and it was beautiful 	0
Another case of selective faux outrage from conservatives... 	8
Thankfully, Biden doesn't own any golf resorts he can use to overcharge taxpayers & simultaneously self-deal (actually, Biden just doesn't golf) 	6
This could be the beginning of something 	0
Mini Trump has a lot of splaining to do. 	7
GQPers deciding what to do about Matt Gaetz 	7
Oh damm, Senator Treason Turtle's warnings sure sound scary if we abolish the filibuster/s. 	8
Someone tell me why Matt Gaetz looks like Mel Kiper fucked the Grinch 	7
Kudos to Ed Gavin with the assist in making Tucker Carlson look like a horses-ass yet again (no offense to horses or their asses) 	7
"At the corner of ""Fuck your feelings!"" and ""No! Not like that!"" "	0
"We'll see how truely ""uncensored"" Trumps new platform is in the coming months "	7
Cheer up, Tucker, they can never take away your gender-bending fantasies 	7
The worst kind of discrimination. The one against me. 	8
LPT: When you and a friend get caught doing something illegal... that's called collusion 	8
The founders got lazy designing the filibuster 	7
Now donate to the Gaetz defense fund at trump2024... 	8
Tea and crumpets only for protestants who divorce their wife!!!! 	8
Businesses should stay out of politics... Wait no not like that! 	8
Ahh yes, why SAVE millions of life when you could END life? 	6
Damn, I love Katie Porter. She shakes CEO’s to their core with her words!! And facts! 	0
Turns out you are probably okay with companies making decisions, just not funneling money into campaigns 	6
Just because we queer-coded Satan doesn't mean a gay man can give him a lap dance! 	7
When QAnon followers go on and on about how there's a network of pedophiles in politics... 	8
After reading too many glib comments gloating over the fact that Daunte Wright died, I made this. 	0
Matt Gaetz is under investigation for sexual relationship with 17-year-old girl 	0
Let's put our differences aside and focus on the real enemy. 	0
It should be easier to vote than to buy a gun. 	6
When cops threaten to resign because they can't kill brown people 	8
This would be funny if children were not actually involved (aka florida sucks) 	8
C'mon Ron-do you think we're blind-deaf-and dumb?!?!? 	7
The real reason some people cannot live without assault rifles! /s 	0
The deficit is out of control, the deficit does matter 	7
I mean, it’s so blisteringly obvious, I’m not sure what their 2022 slogans will be. “2022 and the GOP, bring mass disease death back to America...” 	7
Dr. Trump Is Ready For Your Injection... (full poll results in comments) 	0
When your ex boss shits on your job reference. 	7
Don’t Eat It Up Too Quickly, You’ll Get Hiccups... 	0
I’m a sandwich artist- and under investigation for child trafficking 	8
I put the pictures in because it seemed empty 	0
Change our unpopular policies? NO, just keep distracting the unwitting! 	8
"I thought the whole country would be on fire from the ""looting obsessed thugs"" by now? "	7
Taint sniffer Matt Gaetz likes his women the way he likes his blood alcohol level. 	7
Come on down to Qult & Qurio's: apologetic footstool sale. 	7
some old random meme I first made in 2017 	0
When you get Abstinence Only Education confused with Absinthe only education. 	7
First Trump wasn’t good enough for you, Marge Greene, Lauren Boebert... 	0
When was the last time we were ranked in top 10 happiest countries? 	7
Send this to any “conservatives” you know. I love how trump was “God’s plan” but the devout catholic was somehow sent by satan. 	7
fuck all yall! From the bottom of my heart! 	7
Derek Chauvin looks great in handcuffs, don't you agree? 	7
now please tell the world why you deserve a living wage✨💞✨ 	8
I'm Not Saying I Agree With What They Did... I'm Just Saying We Stormed The Capitol Because Of Hugo Chavez!!!1! 	0
Dammit Chad... You are why we can’t have nice things. 	7
When GOPQ Karens are in charge of who votes 	7
Turns out a father I know is an anti-vaxxer 	0
"George Carlin out here telling ""rugged individualists"" to give your balls a tug. "	7
You can be hateful as long as you post a Bible quote on Twitter. 	7
I'm not crazy! And I can prove it! Watch me as I pour gasoline on myself and I light myself on fire! 	7
All this because you supported a two-bit con man. 	0
Q) Why did the groundhog cross the road? A) To commit suicide by cop, obviously. 	8
Take their toys away, they can't handle them 	0
"Can't point at something you broke and say ""See it doesn't work!"" "	7
If anyone but me takes over in 2021, there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! - Donald Trump 	7
“I take no responsibility” -Republican proverb 	8
We should have an Office of Government Scandal Naming 	7
The “family values” crowd worships a man who grew up with a single mom, was never married, and was constantly surrounded by 12 dudes. 	7
Trump-worshippers is a good word to describe them 	0
Wonder whatever happened to the legend at Fox News that did this? 	7
The name White Vision is starting to make more sense now 	8
"To all the people saying that ""Democrats"" are causing all these mass shootings, just to take away guns: "	0
Some Hats go out of style, and we should be grateful for that. 	0
They want to blame trans people like me, how about PizzaGaetz and the tangerine tampon 🐈🐈🐈 grabber 	0
My mission is to end Ted Cruz’s political career 	0
What I've been seeing on Fox News. The return of Monke is real. 	7
Republican boogeyman number 3 is..... voter fraud!! Come on down!! 	8
Republicans taking credit of stimulus bill reveals they are true socialists all along 	5
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits. Maybe it's voter outreach...but with their dicks? 	7
God bless America! (article abt gun control) 	7
The US Military gives zero quarter to trumpies. 	7
This is literally Hotwheel Hitler's signature....home skoooooled...... 	7
George Floyd's family awarded $27 million, aaannnddd.... 	8
I’m going to invent the most useless thing and run an add saying dems canceled it 	7
Is it just me or does this Senator bear a striking resemblance to the Senator from South Carolina. No lightning hands for Linds, though. 	7
I can’t be the only person who sees this, right? 	0
Could it get any sadder than a motorized wheelchair pulling a trailer full of Trump 2024 crap on the anniversary of the day he told us to inject disinfectant and stick UV flashlights in our butts? 	8
I'm not liking the casting for Netflix's version of Butthead 	0
I don't not want your green eggs and ham 	0
I saw this truck that had a USMC logo, and on top that, it was a USMC skull with donald trump hair. I felt so sad for the guy. 	0
It's becoming more and more obvious lately 	0
Revealing the real victim... tonight it's Tucker Carlson 	7
Of course, cause FREEDOOM is more important than safety. 	7
Republicans and Fox News state of mind right now.... 	0
IT’S MY GOAL TO RUIN TED CRUZ’S POLITICAL CAREER (with apologies to creator of the original piece - it was time for an update) 	0
Go back to your home on whore island Matt 	8
Trump is the name above all names. Praise him! God chose him to lead America God's chosen people, under the wings of the Republican Party God's chosen party! Trump is love Trump is light. Follow trump, lean not on your understanding but through tax breaks for the rich and grab em by the pussy, amen! 	6
Just went through the Houston airport. Most people are maskless. 	0
This may be a conspiracy theory, but I am starting to think this may be a pattern in Florida - and the GOP 	0
Let’s play a game of “connect the alleged Pedodots,” 	8
Wait... A sin is a bad thing... Huh, who knew? 	8
GOP Jesus teaching the little children to be a good Conservative Christian 	8
Don't take for granted which representatives YOU voted for.... 	7
Glad to See Conservatives Focusing on What Really Matters 	7
Nice to see the US is back to normal after a year of worrying pandemic infections. It's a good job all those vaccinations will stop needless death 	0
Biden’s dog does a big frick you to the White House staff 	7
Thank you, from the bottom of my magazine 	7
REP Matt Gaetz at NJ maskless party with geriatric 17 yo grandma as date 	8
When the hoe's be stepping out of line. You have to pimp that shit back on track. 	7
Cats do stretches, conservatives do contortions 	8
It's time that Fox News is called a 'political organization' not a news network 	0
This Clown Believes, he has to find those children to, umm, save them, yeah, that's it, he wants to save those kids. 	8
Wondering how the hell Boebert got elected in Colorado? Look at that audience 	7
Refusing to compromise to “own the libruls!” That’s okay, we’ll take your magazines and assault rifles then. 	8
Free ice cream for any girls under 18!!! 	0
I'm so tired of seeing the news every day 	0
How old were you when you realized Pokémon the game was radical? 	7
"Im ""saddened"" that these two families still demand our attention. "	7
Maybe we gotta start fighting fire with fire 	7
Brought to you by the state that loves disasters such as loss of electricity, running water, and literally froze over... 	6
Matt Gaetz is Jonah from the show Veep in real life! Equally unliked among peers, equally stupid, equally creepy with women, equally oddly shaped and douchey 	7
Matt Gaetz be dry snitching on Tucks own show 	7
Yo mama’s moral compass is so misguided that she’d vote for Quagmire too 	7
Can’t believe “JOE BIDEN” tweeted this today. And the left said Trump was the classless one. ( Satire ) 	7
Looks like Harry is getting used to America 	7
No, Biden isn't a chicom secret agent Dad!. 	7
“Frick you kids and your cancel culture!” 	8
From the people who brought you “massive voter fraud!“ 	7
Derrick Chauvin is guilty on three counts... 	0
Thumbs down on trans rights with his left hand, masturbate to trans porn with his right... 	8
Priorities when you work for 100% of Americans or just the 1%. 	7
They're still waiting for the right moment 	0
When we finally eat the rich were gonna find they taste just like CHICKEN 	7
It’s not “resting idiot face.” More like “permanent idiot face.” 	7
Shock: Obsolete medieval technology foiled by cheap, known countermeasure 	7
Don't feel too down guys, the apple tree is still rotten. 	7
We should call them the GOP Terrorist Bruhs 	7
State-sponsored molestation strikes me as a little felony-ish. 	8
Who else has gerrymandered so hard they made a pokemon 	8
And still vote against abortion rights... 	6
Amazon Leaked Marketing Materials to Recall Socialist Kshama Sawant 	0
Being pro _life is just an irony in America 	5
From a purely aesthetic viewpoint .. which of them did it better? Help me please, fam. 	0
As a climate change denier he was No Brooks. As an election result denier he was Slow Brooks. As an insurrection leader he was Foe Brooks. And now wanting a baseball boycott to support voter suppression, he has become... 	8
Guys, Ronald Reagan is calling, what do I say? 	7
"I found the culprit who's responsible for ""cancelling"" Dr. Seuss! "	0
We have some real winners in Canada too, Drew Barnes is a conservative MLA 	7
Sorry MTG, no one's forgetting about Gaetz just because you're introducing some silly-ass bill 	7
I’d like to order the “Socialism,” please. 	8
"It's almost like removing statues and ""forgetting history"" are two separate issues... "	6
When you are doing the right thing but feel like the enemy 	0
Lol at the people who think this guy is an intellectual 	7
Are we sure that the troops want to come home from the Mideast? 	7
I mean with everything going on around their is it really a surprise. 	7
He might be former president Trump to you, but he'll always be racist seditionist scum to me. 	8
Listening to the George Floyd verdict was like watching Wheel of Fortune 	8
What do you guys think? Good idea? Because we all know that Mitch HATES it when corporations try to influence our politics. 	8
"Ingraham screams ""Fuck all yall"" from sanitary pulpit "	7
One year ago today we got the press conference that spawned these absolute fucking gems 	8
For the record, I am pro-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-anti-Antifa. That’s crystal clear. And I can draw it. 	8
I'm starting to think we live in an episode of South Park 	7
We'll take the one marshmallow (and the 4th wave) 	8
Even The Martians are pleased. The Joy is Universe-all 	0
I’ve finally seen the most perfect meme! 	0
Trump just lost the 2020 election AGAIN! Doesn't that make him the biggest LOSER of any election ever? 	7
They had a weapon so they deserved to be shot...if they would just stop resisting tyranny and comply....also no one loves the second amendment and in general the constitution more than me.... 	6
What crazy people go after America's pastime? 	7
There’s good education and there’s healthcare 	0
Statues of traitors to the United States. 	7
the one thing both sides do—make homeless lives incredibly difficult lmao 	7
The real cancel culture was the friends we made along the way 	7
It's like my brain is conspiring against me 	7
You got to feel bad for frau von der leyen 	0
Such a weird comparison when searching for a book about equality 	8
The fricking filibuster is about as racist as it gets. Lose it. 	0
The Jefferson Davis Chair has been turned into a toilet, and the Chads that stole it wiped with a Confederate flag. 	8
Looks like he swings a mean club (sandwich) 	7
All it took was one fearless girl with a video camera, and witnesses courageous enough to stand up to an officer who looked defiant while killing a man. If you read the “official” report, Floyd would have ended up one of those unfortunate happenstances during a routine call. 	6
i swear everything is a scandal with them 	7
Interfere with our sacred Democracy? A slap on the wrist... 	8
Encyclopedia Brown spitting straight fire on gun control 	8
‪Mass shootings surge in (*Insert any state)‬ 	7
Tweet taken out of context. What could he possibly be talking about.... 	8
Rafael was his father, so not saying this was the only reason. It's just a good way to make fun of him 	7
I Hear That Many Of The Insurrectionists Are Using The Same Defense 	0
Oh No~They're TELLIN' TRUMP you're a DEFECTOR who sided with the Dems! 	7
We all know this a real behind the scenes look 	7
My reaction to the Derek Chauvin verdict 	0
Jim Jordan one of the must hypocritical person on earth 	0
They said I was crazy, but I finally decoded the message left behind in the Congressional district maps! 	7
Conservative logic on canceling transgender athletes in schools 	6
Jesus is comin' back, dawg. Better get strapped. 	7
Banana Republiqans: Hell is Black people voting. 	6
"Come join the America first caucus where ""Anglo-Saxon"" political traditions reign supreme! "	7
The pandemic has a silver lining for the US /s 	0
If Ted Lieu calls you a s**thead... you're definitely a s**thead 😂 	0
Trolls take on the MyPillow guy with LiePillow.org–claiming he's a closeted liberal 	7
An impressive thread at the expense of Ted Cruz 	7
this picture of boris johnson kinda looks like trump but if someone poked a hole in him and he started deflating. 	7
Government efficiency in all the worst ways 	7
Get a load of this: Fox News doing their journalistic duty, coming in steaming hot and plopping this nugget on us. I can almost smell the Pulitzer. 	7
Unrelated news Florida parishes up over 200% in Florida 	0
So I guess I'm genetically mentally ill and have high anxiety all the time based on what my white community says 	8
LOOK BELOW......WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU ABOUT OUR FUTURE POLITICIANS? ALSO, THE PEOPLE WHOM VOTED FOR THEM. 	8
Nothin' like some good, unbiased news coverage 	7
If you hate the message, don’t use the title 	7
“Something something Hillary DEMONcrats” 	8
Hope they triple check those faulty security cameras 	7
It's never late for halloween insulin! (Nor for the COVID vaccine, for that matter.) 	7
I can only imagine him watching fox news or Alex Jones 	0
For the poor snowflakes who miss the old racist books ... 	7
More mock-ups of the Trump presidential library 	0
17-Year-Old Asks Friend What It Means When Guy You Like Wants Blanket Pardon 	7
He's been a piece of shit for a very very very long time... 	0
MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell shares his thoughts on the election 	0
I'd love to ask these neighbors what they think about cancel culture 	7
How the entire GOP be looking at Lauren today 	0
Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski realizing they are surrounded by pedophiles. 	0
Gonna tell my kids this is what a Post Malone is 	7
Never forget, elections do in fact have consequences 	8
Found a new template on Twitter and thought I’d give it a go 	0
Gaetz wondering how that ruse didn't work... 	5
Yup-this is what they need to do for sure 	7
Found in the wild, last fall. Not sure if it belongs here 	7
If only a scientist would rise up and declare guns have caused 6 blood clots they’d be banned in 24 hours. 	6
"The ""Chauvin didn't get a fair trial"" starter pack. "	7
Reps pass huge tax cut on a party-line vote, with public disapproval & near-complete Dem disapproval. Dems pass a popular relief bill on a party-line vote, with no Rs even though Republican voters supported it. Clearly, Democrats have broken the sacred bonds of bipartisanship, amirite? 	7
You have to admire the way Republicans stick up for each other and always have each other's backs! 	7
Found two pics on twitter and merged them 	0
The New York Times? More like The New York SLIMES, amirite?? 	7
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me... you can't get fooled again! 	7
Conservatives upset protestors aren't being treated the same as domestic terrorists attempting a coup. 	8
average european redditor waiting for meme material 	0
Boycotting means nothing to this guy. He love his diet coke and Hamberders. 	7
Welcome, you are now entering the great sate of Florida! 	0
Send this to your buddies who love Trump. It will really piss them off. Also let’s collectively never forget what a failure Trump was. 	0
Aren't republicans the real snowflakes.. let's be honest. 	7
1.8% case fatality rate is “low” but 6 out of 7.5 million people getting blood clots is high. from u/senorElMeowMeow 	5
Let Us All Pray for Republican Voters in Cali 	7
GOPQ on the fainting couch over immigrant children while strengthening their Jim Crow laws 	5
Guam representative can vote in house committees but Taylor can't 	0
Imagine if politicians actually ran the country 	7
Biden rebuilds USA (By Norwegian Illustrator Morten Mørland) 	0
What about purple dots in purple states? 	0
Fox News & OANN Tells You Don't Resist Whilel Fox News & OANN Tells You To Resist.... The Conservative Media Conundrum 	6
Paging Extreme Makeover! Please pick up the White Supremacist Paging phone 	7
tHE aNsWER iS MorE GUnS, tHat'LL soLvE eVEryThINg!!! 	6
American Spring, throwing off the shackles of GQP 	7
Billionaire tax. Since its a new tax being considered we could call it an incoming tax. Or an income tax for short. 	5
Because true love is bending over backward to justify police murder. 	6
🎼 all in all you’re just another prick in the wall 🎵 	7
Your honor when my client was born, he fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down... 	7
Doesn't he know that Black Knives Matter? 	8
Probably aging myself, but remember the good old days of peached-based economic recovery? 	7
Finally a motivation for both liberals and conservatives to get vaccinated 	0
Meanwhile, in a parallel universe, the Raw Meat Suit Club continues to deny the worldwide wolf infestation and claims the new wolf repellent is a hoax, despite the unusual number of wolf-related deaths 	5
The difference between do-ers and whiners 	0
Over 50% of our property taxes and 8% of our federal taxes were taken for education, and we still wind up with these people. 	5
Toilet in place of a Robert E. Lee statue in Baltimore 	0
Thanks, Governor Sununu. The lowest percentage of residents vaccinated in New England and the masks are off. 	7
Bernie asks, and a separate tweet gave an unrelated yet fantastic answer. 	0
Racist fascist scumbag rips off racist scumbags paying to enable racism and fascism. That's hard to get upset about. 	5
I would free him in the Middle of I-75. It's the right thing to do. 	7
I will never get tired of that confused look on his face 	0
Might be time for Marjorie Greene to update that Twitter Profile Pic 	7
We need this but for our stimulus checks 	0
They are having their own civil war at the moment 	0
2021 Has Been a Rough Year For QAnon... And Yo Mamma Thinks Matt Gaetz Is A Really Nice Boy Who’s Been ToTaLlY eXoNeRaTeD Of All Charges! 	6
How to turn a gun rights person into a vaccine advocate 	0
AOC trolls Amazon with its own email scolding drivers for defecating in bags 	0
"Need to catch all of these ""imposters"" ripping off their genitals so they can have an advantage on the field hockey team /s "	7
Deep down, nothing has changed that much 	0
Indicted Texas AG Ken Paxton sues Austin again 	0
Women for America First...our daughters second 	0
As Jim Ross would say, “it’s a slobberknocker!” Masking goes against civil liberties? What about our unalienable rights, namely, Life? Masks save lives. Period. 	5
As I recall, tomorrow is the remembrance of someone else who was silenced for their beliefs 	5
Sloth is a sin, and that includes laziness to learn 	0
Is Fox News the propaganda arm of the GOP? Just asking 	0
Actual footage of the Republicans negotiating with Democrats 	0
Because playing the victim is more satisfying if you actively seek & point out your plight before it even happens!!!! 	6
Maybe with 26 years of practice, he'll get it right... 	7
For anyone who’s mad about the Chauvin verdicts 	0
Those Great Republican Frick You Infrastructure Plans 	0
Really?? Your father has over 25 allegations? I am not defending Cuomo but your Pepe La Pew reference makes you as delusional as love crazy skunk 🦨 	7
that’s some ass backwards logic right there. 	0
Republican-approved Election Day Water Distribution 	0
When your defense sucks....go for broke... 	7
Fux News' messages to its Q viewers during Biden's presidential speech 	0
Looking through my FB feed - this seems accurate... 	7
cardiac arrhythmia, hypertension, and methamphetamine, eh? 	7
Democrats weren't destroying any buildings when Trump won in 2016.. 	0
Would like to see the R’s excuse for this reality 	0
It’s only fair if you’re also financially ruined too 	8
Marjorie has a shocking secret to reveal on todays Springer! 	0
Does he ask for a Pepsi with his Happy Meal? 	7
In America watching and talking about American politics is taboo, here in Canada, it's a national pastime. 	7
Knock Knock! who is there? Everyone who agrees. Everyone who agrees who? Everyone who agrees that it's wrong billionaires own more than half of the nation's populations wealth. 	6
“I am sure Matt Gaetz is not feeling very comfortable today,” - attorney for Gaetz associate Joel Greenberg on whether Congressman has anything to worry about now that his friend & associate is likely to plea. 	0
The only thing politicians care about is getting elected 	0
Also, your wages have been reduced and hours increased 	0
The fact that they will never understand 	0
Statistics say that 100% of the citizens of the Peoples Republic of China are very happy with their police forces. No complaints here! 	0
And all Britney did was to just post a picture in support of BLM....And then this AnTI-WoKE person got her feelings hurt..... PS: Joy Villa is a republican.... (a black person supporting Trump.....) 	7
Is obvious these laws have nothing to do with voting integrity 	8
The right wingers’ idea of handling mass shootings 	8
It’s like The Emperor’s New Clothes, but tastier 	7
Needs gun to “feel safe” at her own workplace. But can’t shoot straight to save her ass. 	7
Matt Gaetz facing life in prison makes up for not getting anything on my birthday 	7
proud boys after being labeled a terrorist organization 	0
We have the explicit right to “bear arms”. It shall not be infringed 	0
Florida Uncle Gaetz is the new GQP star for presidential 2024 	0
GQP plan: more wealth for the wealthy, deflect with ridiculous talking points ... 	5
#1 trending today on Chinese Twitter (Weibo), named “blood cotton initiative”. A drawing by a Chinese cartoonist hitting back on US’s accusations of its alleged force labor in Xinjiang. 	0
It’s not about economics. It’s about power. 	0
Like The Avengers, but with a lot more treason. 	8
Let's be honest, he probably deserved it. 	0
Matt Gaetz is the poster boy for the GQP. 	8
The Qanon cult continues to be disappointed 	0
for the 5 people that will see this (i hope it hasn't been done before) 	0
"Apparently ""Epstein didn't kill himself"" is no longer humor "	8
"1) Pay girls for sex on Venmo; 2) Transport girls across state lines; 3) Beg dopes to send money to fund your defense. // ""You still using Venmo? 😂🖕"" "	6
I knew there was something wrong inside their brains 	0
Conservatives: Don’t you see Floyd was shoving his neck into the officer’s knee?! 	8
When you think you understand politics, yet have no idea what you're talking about. 	0
J&J vaccine and the FDAs exchange this week: 	0
I almost feel sorry for these guys...almost. 	7
Why Ben Shapiro really bought that plank from Home Depot! 	0
Everything's bigger in Texas, especially the idiots 	7
“The Art of the Pull Out.” Available wherever fine books and news aren’t read. 	7
I and not very surprised but very disappointed 	0
And Gaetz has a Most Wanted contract going 	0
Taking a break from not supporting cancer patents to not support humor 	8
Beavis and Butthead? No, these guys are Zed and Maynard (featuring Ted Cruz as The Gimp). 	7
Hope you like the taste of fascist boots. 	7
And my dumbass actually thought that giving strange adults access to exposed and vulnerable children should be kept to as low a minimum as possible, was just a given in society 	6
Punctuation and homophones can kill you twice 	7
You know you're a worthless waste of oxygen when *he* rejects you 	0
You know, I am something of a free speech advocate myself 	8
And you think COVID is a pandemic too, amiright? 	7
If we can't HAND them water, we can just give them ice and wait 	7
The waits might be longer, it might be more difficult to find a physician accepting new patients. But name another country where you’ll need to start a GoFundMe to pay for treatment. 	6
"Palm Beach Karens ""have many question marks"" about wearing masks "	0
Wait a minute, we should be cancelling Dr. Suess! Send your books back to Ted Cruz and see if he’ll refund the 10x markup for the ones he signed! 	7
I see lots of snow on the horizon for our Tall Texan friends 	0
"When Faux News brings MAGA-level ""gotcha"" questions to someone with an actual brain... "	7
I am not good at memes but this deserved a shot. 	0
Senile man crashes wedding to rant about the time he lost an election 	7
I guess they support defunding the police 	0
They don't seem to realize that kids aren't stupid and are absolutely paying attention 	0
Just because we queer-coded Satan doesn't mean a gay man can give him a lap dance, corn pop! 	7
"Ted Cruz retweeted something shared by ""Ted Cruz Liked a Porn Tweet"" "	0
The Repugs want that money in THEIR pockets ... 	8
Lindsey Graham was just photographed with prominent white supremacist Geert Wilders: Dutch far-right leader But the picture was taken down fast! You all know what to do... 	0
Seriously one of the worst things to come from the Trump presidency 	0
This here is my Trump flag & Trucknuts mobile display 	0
Don't let the new book distract you, Boehner was an epic SOB while in office 	0
I love the smell of white privilege in the morning! 	8
I truly don't understand how this model is sustainable to Republican voters 	8
"Imagine getting a discount on your TV cause you blocked Fox News, ""parental controls"" oh how the turn tables "	7
Republican beliefs exist in their own seperate bubbles 	7
Hey Florida, please come on over here and take a seat. 	7
And just like that all their heads started to explode! 	7
WhY DoNT YoU wANt AOC tO DeBAtE MTG? ToO AFrAiD? 	7
Thoughts and prayers, good guy with a gun, blah blah blah... 	7
We are definitely refillings those empty oil fields with something 	7
I Would Work His Campaign For Free If He'd Do It Just Once 	0
I hope those officers aren't too badly hurt by the psycho that drove into the barricade at the Capitol. Also, can the GOP STFU now? 	8
Tell me you're a right-wing extremist, without telling me you're a right-wing extremist 	0
Anyone else waiting to be covered by Trumpcare 😆 	7
“How do you write [Republicans] so well?” I think of a [decent human being] and I take away reason and accountability. 	6
House Republicans prepare to introduce resolution to censure Maxine Waters 	0
In 2020 Dems voted in two packages to help in the pandemic, but this year Republicans out right refused to help..Mind boggling... 	6
Good to see he is venting in a healthy way 	7
Crazy how cancel culture is suddenly or biggest problem 	7
Should someone tell him about Yellow Cards? 	7
It’s just a little cultural difference... 	0
I would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you kids and that dog. 	7
Our God emperor hangs out with the best people. Top mind people 	0
Texas Gov says it's all clear! Texans are like.... 	0
COVID-19 side effects include..... 3/13/21 	0
Even with photos many people won’t believe their own eyes. 	7
Great, can she take personal responsibility for the highest death rates in the nation? DJTJ, you really keep such good company 	8
You're doing it wrong. (Not that I'm complaining.) 	7
Best Easter egg ever. I am going to enjoy his unraveling way too much. 	7
On this week's episode of Pedo-Files: Venmostimmy 	8
Yo Momma Requested That I Say Fuck All Yall. 	7
Interesting how far she got whithout knowing that 	7
Florida just made it ok to hit protesters with your car 	7
I can’t believe we’re still having this conversation 	7
The 45th President of the United States of America 	0
I swear I’m the only liberal in my family and it sucks 	0
Cancel Culture is the absolute worst. Also, how dare these shoes on the left are being sold! Also, it's a blessing the shoes on the right are being sold. 	7
It's only a Second Amendment right for some 	0
After the new Trump call got released, this is basically how I'm feeling 	0
I know just the thing for this type of computer virus 	7
Let Joe be Joe? He is just saying what we're all wanting. 	0
Anti-vaxxer Trump who constantly downplayed Covid-19 and said it would go away on its own wants complete credit for the vaccines being creates. 	5
You have to be a cock to truly understand them 	7
"The ""protect against government"" argument was great before tanks and bombers and drones. "	0
The resemblance is as uncanny as this serial killer lookin ass. 	7
Would you care to display for the court just how comfortable this was? 	7
Republicans about to dismantle big businesses corporate welfare over their racist voting laws 	8
Well, time to save up on some money then 	0
When Donald Trump criticizes someone else for making unwanted sexual advances 	5
Guys you're never gonna guess what happened.... 	7
Such a shame WB cancelled New Gods. MTG would've made an excellent Granny Goodness. Brainwashing, child abuse, lust for violence, fetish for weapons, and unwavering worship of her dark Apocalyptic lord. 	6
And Lets not forget about Biden’s Covid Relief Bill🙂 	0
But the chamber pot workers! What will they do?! 	8
In a free society, how can you commit a crime against yourself? -Jesse Ventura 	7
Tucker reveals the real problem with John Oliver’s general aptitude 	0
Maskless woman arrested in Galveston day after mandate lifted 	0
Governor Stacey Abrams sounds pretty good now 	0
If there’s a need to deport this is the solution 	0
Too on the nose and/or too delusional to expect that kind of introspection. 	7
Just a little update from todays headlines... 	0
GAS PRICES ARE HIGHER NOW THAN IN THE HISTORY OF EVER 	0
CEOs and big business need to stay out of politics. - Mo' Money Mitch McTraitor 	8
Rudy Giuliani has moved on to new projects. 	7
"Based on actual events while at work. Acuses me of ""talking in circles."" He also doesn't trust the vaccine, but trump is the real hero he pushed it through. "	7
Twatwaffle didn’t take the job to actually DO the job. He took the job just to HAVE the job. 	0
“But I was really looking forward to clutching my pearls and calling them savages!” 	8
Republican priorities. It's like they never cared 	8
Someone as evil as Lauren Boebert shouldn’t get to represent such a beautiful area 	7
How do you not know the difference between a Taser and a gun. I'm pretty sure even a kid would know which one is which. 	6
He was a presidential contender at one point 	0
Finally figured out where I know him from. 	0
Meant ironically, but hoping meme takes off genuinely for conservatives 	7
It’s almost as if they knew, subconsciously, that their Confederacy was nothing but a big joke. 	8
Anything can be a dildo if you're brave enough 	7
Not sure if this would count or not, but nice sign 	0
General William Tecumseh Sherman comments on the defeated South--Reminds me of what needs to be said about the GQP and 1/6/2021 	8
From brown-nose to brown head in the blink of an eye!!! 	7
Tucker Carlson showed lewd photos on Fox. But the real story is what was Ted Cruz's dog doing there?! 	0
A simpler time though I think he is doing pretty good 	0
Conservatives think Disney World is too “woke” because they removed pirate rape. 	8
Hey, maybe this is the path to getting them on board with high-speed rail? 	7
A good decision from US President Joe Biden is preparing to acknowledge the massacres that affected 1.5 million Armenians during World War I at the hands of the Turkish Ottoman Empire as genocide 	0
Maybe he has been too busy to hold a press conference 	7
Fox News, all white supremacy, all the time. 	8
"Bonus Track: ""You Light My Fire Like A Jewish Space Laser"" "	7
On behalf of apple pie, fuck voter suppression! 	8
To all those who think the problem with police is racism and that that is what we need to address 	6
No law against hydration during registration 	7
"It's not just tasers that cause ""confusion"" for professionals "	0
I don't agree with what she said, but the GOP wouldn't be the GOP without double standards. 	8
China came out with Trump Buddha Statue. Seem like their trolling him hard🇨🇳. Apparently it is best seller there 	7
Somehow this is a sour kind of humor. Former president press release today about the pandemic. His new tweeter. The style is intact and the message is classic, but c’mon... 	7
"Every time one of these radical ""Christians"" talks about America First... "	0
Good lunch table for Pizzagaetz so frick you 	0
In light of GoP outrage to Biden's climate announcement. 	0
Can’t have it both ways. Sincerely, God. 	8
“Oh Yeah? Well Show Me A Single Nazi Who Stormed The Capitol... Well, Besides That One...” 	8
Well it’s good to see Arkansas is still following the GOP and the mega game plan. 	7
Me and my conservative friend debating about politcs 	0
“Teenagers aren’t allowed to have opinions unless I can have sex with them.” - Conservatives, apparently 	8
Yeah, Not sure why I did this. I got to get off the ecstasy. 	7
Republicans be like [The mod rule is fucking stupid: frick you] 	7
Matt Gaetz, who looks like a caricature of Colin Jost. 	7
Thinking about buying a new taser for self-defense, what do you think? 	0
Probably been posted before, but it's my favorite 	0
I was gonna use my brain but then I got high. 	7
For Just $50’s A Day, You Too Can Help CEO’s Survive On The Slave Wages The Get By On.... Because Those Bugattis Certainly Aren’t Going To Wax Themselves. 	6
Funny memes are like female orgasms to conservatives. They can’t make them, and they don’t care. 	8
"Gaetz: ""What if I Venmo you some cash to sweeten the deal?"" "	7
When your spotter is worse than useless. 	0
Patrioten,boycott Coca Cola! Not me tho I have a bigly thirst 	7
Yes, because it changes several times a day....... 	0
One of the very clear distinctions between the orange mistake and the current administration ... 	0
“He looks like Jack Nicholson” “What?.... Oh! I see what you mean” 	7
And fricking again, and again, and again! 	0
Internal klaxon alarms going off like crazy 	0
This is already more than 10X the size of the average Republican voter’s brain 	7
Matt Gaetz is going to bring many Republicans down. Surely the QAnon crowd will publicly applaud this, right? 	8
The more things change, the more they stay the same 	0
Gather 'round kids-it's story time with Kevin 	0
What I thought of when Matt Gates implicated Tucker Carlson in his scandal during their interview tonight. 	0
The GOP is now on the same wavelength as a sworn US enemy 	8
It's like their only argument at this point 	7
I'm not going to let Nancy Pelosi come and take my glock! 	0
And the NRA didn't say a peep in protest 	0
I finally figured out who Matt Gaetz reminds me of. The Holy twatwaffle seems to agree. 	7
This is the new Republican plan. I’m just waiting to see Fox News and start selling it. 	7
Does anyone under age 70 care about this has-been musician? 	7
We must never forget that Donald Trump was a loser and a total failure, Not just as president but also at being a human. 	0
It's only accurate if you show the cops giving the terrorist a bottle of water 	7
If you’re gonna lick a boot, better start with the sole. 	8
Trump supporters are trying to forget January 6th 	0
really...it's none of anyone's business. 	0
There is a 100% chance Trump has a White House shaped sand pail so he can play pretend 	7
Who's *really* the one eager to defund the police here? 	7
Right wing newspaper opinion section bingo 	7
If you believe this fact, you probably also believe these other facts. 	0
When Trump supporters go to MyHeritage.com 	7
"Fox News Says It Supports Diversity, Fox News Says Diversity Is ""Genocide Against Western Culture"". Laura Ingraham & Tucker Carlson In Full Meltdown, Stopping Just Short Of Saying ""War Against White People"". "	5
"When You Have A Someone ""Fighting Authority For Freedom"" But Says It's Ok For Cops To ""Accidently"" Shoot People AKA Fox News. "	5
Matt Gaetz interview with Tucker Carlson. March 20th, 2021 	0
Pace yourselves, at this rate you'll end up with an ulcer 	0
Some recommendations for new GOP logos..... 	0
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits, Sarah Palin. The Republican playbook: It's only real once it happens to me. 	7
Hey TRUMP, give your balls a tug for me will 'ya? You'll need the practice later for fuckin' federal PRISON! 	7
The paradox of tolerance is the most important idea of our time 	6
Conservative Hot Take: Dr. Seuss the Environmentalist vs Dr. Seuss the Racist 	8
Me, an American, seeing England going through the same bullshit we have been going through for years in a span of a week 	0
Oldie But A Goodie: The Biden “Clone-spiracy” - I can’t believe I’ve spoken to and know someone who actually believes this 	7
Considering these same folks made Trump their messiah, I’m starting to think it’s not their religious sensibilities Lil Nas X offended. 	8
Don't you worry about COVID. Let ME worry about COVID. 	0
Chances I'll believe anything this guy has to say on the subject... ZERO 	0
Thank you for the vaccine for the hoax virus EX- President Trump. 	7
And maybe the other thing too...considering they fantasize over Trump looking like Rambo when he clearly couldn't look more like the opposite. 	0
"Joe Manchin's ""Guys plz"" School of Political Thought "	7
Sent to my mom (registered rep) in AZ... TLDR: socialists are being mean to me, how much would you like to donate to defend Texas? 	8
Helpful guide to determine whether a gunman intends to hurt or harm 	7
I just want the freedom to grill some affordable food with my family and neighbors 	0
Submissive Proud Boys raising their hands, eager to be punished next. 	7
I gotta say, although a little out of left field, this new policy initiative isn’t that surprising from the Old McDonald. 	7
The Progressive Answer to Citizens United 	0
Trumpazeecan Anglo-Saxon Caucus Group Meeting ... 	7
Brooklyn Center Police Officer Kim Potter answers the phone. 	0
Just because you are paranoid, does not mean they aren't out to get you. 	7
Unfortunately, now we are all living with the Margarine Traitor Greene problem 	0
Free market to funnel money into campaigns but not for choices you dislike 	6
I’m guessing the GOP were all in Slytherin. 	7
"This box of bacon won't shut the hell up about the ""Deep State"". "	7
Republicans right now after the MLB relocated an All Star Game and Coca-Cola criticized the Georgia election voting laws. 	0
I fart in your general direction. Also I softened Matt Gaetz's image for him by making him a lovable cartoon character. 	0
Republicans are already starting to claim credit for the Democrats’ bill. 	0
MAGA Just Isn’t Great At The Whole Numbers Thing... (and yes, Cuomo needs to gogo) 	0
Let me just create a start-up for a thousand dollars real quick when I can barely afford rent in a one bedroom apartment 	7
It's called projecting - give your balls a tug 	7
President? Foolish, faceless man. My campaign is a farce, a small part of a much grander scheme. -Lex Luthor, Justice League Unlimited. 	7
If Qannon was serious about tracking down sex criminals (meme template in comments) 	8
"Senator Johnson, ""Pittypat"" to his friends. "	7
"That fricken ""deep state"".. It's everywhere! "	7
Trump supporters: OHHHH NO BLM IS DESTROYING THE USA. Also trump supporters: 	8
Conservatives, Bill Gates Doesn’t Have To Secretly Chip You... 	7
I’m a little tea pot, short and stout. Here is my handle, here is my spout! 	2
To reduce co2 emissions, the fossil fuel industry wants a carbon tax. But they're not saying anything about reducing their carbon lies about climate change. So let's try something else... 	5
They don’t fix the long lines cuz they like the long lines. (OC) 	7
I should seek professional help. If I were to actually believe anything like this, or anything Trump really says. 	7
disclaimer: satirical, but so believable 	0
Republicans announce 253 voter suppression bills in 43 states. 	0
We got churches over in the Europe being closed down in the middle of Good Friday lmao 	5
There seems to be a common denominator here. 	0
Now try not to get overwhelmed with surprise by this news... 	7
Yes, these are true quotes by Republicans. 	0
"This is literally the top of Fox News now; they’ve completed their devolution into being a tabloid "	6
America if their cops would be trained professionals. 	7
If the tragedies come so quickly that people can't focus, we can get away with murder! 	6
Not everyone is qualified to be a cop, sorry not sorry. 🤷 	0
When you can’t compete for votes, cheating is the only option 	8
That's quite a flag for an American Marine to be sporting. 	7
Good thing they’re not brightest bulbs in the pack 	7
The real problem is identity politics... 	0
Teletubbies Salute on 45th's new website 	7
Like a miracle, Ivanka Trump needs to disappear. 	0
Charging your constituents a ticket fee so they may hear you discuss public policies doesn't sound too democratic imho 	5
Just because you don’t agree doesn’t mean you can impede on others lives. 	7
When they say gun restrictions should be lifted because criminals don't follow the law. 	6
We really need to develop a cure for stupidity. 	0
Derek Chauvin should just ask for an impeachment-style trial 	7
Mr. Trump, Sir, Your Plan to Do a Vaccine Commercial Is Tremendous and Everyone Loves You 	7
Businesses: we treat employees like family ..... also businesses: 	7
There's been some movement on the accountability scoreboard 	6
Each of us will define the Lincoln ethos differently, but we will all agree that it is rooted in what Lincoln himself said, “. . . —and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” 	8
The Chauvin conviction is a step. Keep pushing for justice. (OC) 	0
Over 200 million arms in his first 100 days, all Donny would’ve hit is about 180 holes (golf holes, that is). 	7
It’s what President Trump would’ve wanted us to do. 	0
"Conservatives are using ""the hacker known as 4chan"" to defend Tucker Carlson from accusations of racism. "	6
I painted De Blasio and Cuomo as Rotten Tomatos. They belong to my growing series of fruit and veggie caricatures. Open to suggestions too for who should be next! 	7
Maybe The Real Treasure Was the Friends she Made Along the Way 	7
Biden signing yet another Bipartisan bill into Law 	0
Bet they have some questions about Nestor too 	7
Being necessary to the security of a free State... 	7
When You Voluntarily Confess The Details Of Your Own Crime While Denying Your Guilt In Said Crime... 	5
Also... Looks Like Jerry Has Been Eating His Feelings After That Whole Pool Boy Thing. 	7
Take the creepiness factor annnnnd double it! 	0
I'm sure you won't hear anything else on Fox News for the next week 	0
@AccidentalLeft is back on Twitter! [INFORMATION] 	0
What do they have to hide? Also, if private, capitalist, free market airlines want to demand and require a covid passport, then that's the most patriotic thing to do ever! And flyers should proudly comply because the economy! 	5
I think Matt Gaetz misunderstood what to think about children... 	8
Had this funny quote all set out... maybe next time 	0
I should have known...conservatives are from Rand McNally! 	0
I'll be honest the fact that a crowder subreddit reposted this , especially coming from a group of people that support or joined the Capitol riot. This has to be most ironically dumbest thing's they have ever reposted. Lmao 	5
Turtle boy does seem to do everything slowly 	7
Express entrance for religious hypocrites, open 24/7 	8
lmfao-when did the Republicans ever believe in science? 	8
Matt Gaetz: if Richard Nixon and Butthead had a baby that was made of haunted plastic 	8
Fricking killer cops are as bad as killer republican politicians. 	8
VoteVets has no mercy for Tucker Carlson 	0
Damn you John locke and your liberalism! 	7
Mason Verger was better looking and a more decent person. 	0
Why don’t we enforce the laws already on the books? 	6
Gonna spend my Biden bucks on some new threads 	0
In honor of Florida's prosecutor announcing he could face life in prison 	7
BREAKING NEWS from the Ontario Government 	0
tfw you can't stop dressing in the colors of the Nazi War Flag 	7
Don't wear a mask because it might save a life of someone you don't know, wear a mask BECAUSE YOU'RE FUCKING UGLY GYM JORDAN! 	7
When you’re waiting to really see what’s going on in the world ... 	0
We're Shocked! Shocked To Find Out There's Anti-Semitism Going On Here! 	8
Again, 70-80% of people want these reforms. 100% of Republicans are blocking them. 	0
Did you go to the Jim Jones Kool Aid Fest? 	7
Would it hurt to watch the history channel once in a while? 	6
Lauren Boebert thinks that the second amendment was written in 1776. 	7
Your beauty is beyond compare With flaming locks of auburn hair 	0
Of course they'd want increased security measures. 	7
No shit? Next you’re going to tell me trump had an impulsivity problem... 	7
Knock Knock. Who is there? Voters in Georgia. Voters in Georgia who? Voters in Georgia who made sure $1400 stimulus money happened. 	0
How can I trust you if I can't inspect your genitals? 	8
I'm an imam and i fucking love this country. 	0
Senator Rand Paul's legislative history, in a tweet 	0
When we finally eat the rich were gonna find they taste just like CHICKEN 	7
Behind closed cages at Maralago Zoo. If you don't hahahaha go get in line with Pillows. 	7
Jim Crow Raven by Kevin Siers in the local Newspaper 	0
I Corrected Representative Lauren Boebert's Taxpayer-Funded Campaign Commercial So That It More Accurately Reflects Her Methods and Intentions. 	0
The more things change, the more they stay the same 	0
Almost forgot I had this sitting in my Google Drive 	0
It's like they never actually cared about fiscal policy 	8
Identity condiments are the new battlefield in American politics, apparently 	7
Rare photo of Matt Gaetz trying to drag Tucker Carlson into his minor sex trafficking scandal by implying they had a double date with said minor present 	8
One column is definitely higher than the other... 	7
Can someone help me figure out the difference between these two? 🤔 	7
Per the request of Congressman Gaetz, I've made a change to the invite... 	7
Eric has turned into the Khloe of the Trump family. 	7
Steve Hofstetter Is A Comic Genius And An Absolute Legend. 	0
If he’s not in Gen Pop he’s not actually serving any time 	8
Rafael Cruz patrolling the river on current boarder visit. 	0
You Can’t Stop Hollywood Jesus With Your HBO Documentary... Or “Science”... Or “Common Sense” 	6
No matter what progress, conservatives every damn time 	7
Short term profit over long term sustainability 	8
Who has Tuckergate next on their bingo card? 	8
Bailouts for us, bootstraps for the rest. 	7
It’s only socialism if it’s for the people. 	8
"To the anti-mask ""political leaders"", let this sink in when something solid is found. "	7
"One year ago today since he asked the ""sarcastic question for the fake news reporters"" "	7
Maybe Don’t Make Fun of the Dead Hero of a State You Needed to Win 	8
It's not Cancel Culture, it's responsibility 	6
I love seeing Kaitlin Bennett getting trolled. 	0
How do I... both...cuz the photo, and cuz the photo 	0
Conservatives here in Georgia are losing it!! I love it!! 	7
Why does California get shitted on so much? 	0
The perfect kitchen towel doesn't exi--- 	0
Add What Emoji’s You Think He Used In The “For:” Field In Comments.... yo mamma 	7
American Exceptionalism at its best (or worst). /s 	8
The U.S should recognize Taiwan as a state to prevent an attack from China 	0
Happy Confederate surrender Day (April 9th) 	6
Please let this happen to that fucknugget 	0
What are some of the ridiculous art pieces that feature donald trump as imagined by his fans. 	7
I’ll take Dog shit over the shit Trump left all over the White House. 	0
"QOP Advisors Say ""Close the Gaetz""; Florida Congressman Trumped "	7
Truly doing the lord's work and saving the children 	0
A toast to the new AG, so many investigations await 	7
You Serious? I Just... I Just Told You That A Moment Ago 	7
Tell me he’s white without telling me he’s white. 	7
Republicans in 2005: Democrats are trying to undemocratically undermine our regime through ACTIVIST JUDGES on the federal benches because they know they can't beat us in elections! Republicans in 2021: 	7
"Florida Allows ""Unruly"" Groups Of 3 Or More To Get Run Over. The Police Get To Define What Is ""Unruly"" "	6
The media when a black man is killed by the police: 	0
White House press briefings are factual again.... 	0
Is Trump really selling raffle tickets???? 	7
Trump “tweet” regarding the British Royal drama 	0
May our political ideas never be so wrong again! 	8
What a wonderful difference Dr. Bidden will make 	0
Noticed Ladybugs Graham practicing his Mitch McConnell impersonation during the Axios interview. 	7
This is actually important and needs attention 	0
Who said right wingers had terrible memories? 	7
A little bit louder for those in the back... 	0
I guess I'll finally put it in storage today 	0
Declaring war on baseball and Coca Cola: that's a bold strategy, Cotton, let's see if it pays off for them 	7
"Hell Has A Cooking Show Modeled After ""The Great British Bake Off."" Most of the recipes call for Republican souls and have names like ""Trickle Down Despair Cake"" and ""Utter Lack Of Humanity Loaf."" "	6
Made this meme some time ago, but recent news made me post it again 	0
"Yes, your ""Chosen One"" was defeated by a ""senile old man"" /s "	7
“Just Repeat After Me... Commies, Guns, Bathrooms. Congrats you’re now a Republican Candidate” 	6
Hmm...Guess there was not enough work for him to do in congress 	7
Anti-mask, Covid-is-a-hoax Republicans, and their latest mindset on the virus 	0
“COVID’s overrated!” [Later, after catching COVID] “Holy crap I’m glad I didn’t catch COVIDs 1-18 as well!” 	7
Political candidates every election cycle be like: 	0
Meet Kaitlin Bennett, Reality-TV Personality. What Is The Dumbest Thing This Person Has Said? 	7
Voter suppression funnies, Georgia edition 	0
She averaged a page an hour... she should be more focused on the education system in Georgia. 	0
Not sure if this has been posted yet but I got a good laugh 	0
The Comedy Of The Man Claiming Trump Was Exonerated In His Extortion Case Now Claiming He’s Innocent Of What He Was Being Extorted For Doing... 	5
And they got off scott free for killing Breonna Taylor. When will it end? 	0
A former Minneapolis police officer called Derek Chauvin's guilty verdict a 'tragedy,' saying he fears it will start a 'new trend' of sending cops to prison 	0
"Republicans be like: ""Nothing to see here. Move along!"" "	5
It's been how many days since the failed insurrection? 	7
Yes, let’s thank Trump for over 510,000 deaths with a participation trophy/ s 	8
Well that should clear up all the confusion 	0
Republican Subreddit implying that Democrats are 'going after' Cuomo because they are investigating his unethical behavior. Its almost like Democrats hold everyone to the same standard rather than trying to defend unethical behaviors of their friends 	7
Wonder what’s MAGAs will think when they see Dr. Seuss’s Political Cartoons.... 	8
When you start hearing complaints from the GOP about Biden's infrastructure plan, remember this 	0
1st Rule of WallStreetBets.... Always Save Money For Paying Taxes. 	8
Nothing will ever please selfish Americans. Cough cough, the Republicans I mean by that. 	8
Shudder to think where else those lips have been... 	0
This has always felt like a contradiction in terms, or maybe they just don't care if the people being oppressed have a different skin tone or beliefs to them? 	7
GOP: Thoughts & Prayers for mass-shooting victims... Also the GOP: We need to check your underwear to see if you had a vagina installed over the weekend 	5
Candace Owens when she said that Derek Chauvin didn’t receive a fair trial 	0
Admittedly, we know which button they always choose 	7
Marjorie Taylor Greene looks great these days 	0
So your congressman is all over the news for alleged sex trafficking of minors. The perfect time to invite him to give a speech at a pep rally for the girls basketball team. 	6
And just like that your money is in their pockets! 	8
Don’t forget they cancelled French fries & called them Freedom fries 	7
Laura Ingraham just happened to pick THAT dress yesterday? Not even close to subtle 	7
"Source USA Today Americans; “we need help”Republicans; “Naw, let’s help free Brittany Spears” "	7
Projection level 10, with a PizzaGaetz chaser... 	7
If only the Republicans spent as much time helping people as they do on destroying social justice movements 	6
Tucker Carlson Tonight - December 4, 1955 	0
Ah yes, because Canada is apparently communist 	7
The truth is out there! And Joe's gonna let us know! 	0
Okay can I have a lil vaccine now, as a snack? 	7
Check out the impressive vote count I racked up by sharing a little Truth on Fox to all the cultists complaining about the cost of Biden's relief plan :) 	7
Do we even send 8-9 month pregnant women to war? WTF MAN!!! 	7
Middle class right wingers when they hear Biden wants to raise capital gains on the very wealthy 	0
I figured out the actual date that Trump will win back the presidency. 	0
Birds of a feather flock to Florida apparently 	8
Good things do happen from time to time... 	0
Tabloid nonsense can present amusing potential QAnon scenarios, if nothing else. 	7
I’m sure surfing over to his website will give you some more viruses... 	7
Land of the unfree and home of the cowards. 	7
Them FBI tapes gonna clear this up any minute 	0
I donated more than that to the Insurrection 	7
Trump/Russia for those who are slow or not paying attention. 	7
What's the big deal with #LaurenBoebert4Prison? Its not like she gave insurrectionists tours of the Capitol ahead of time or Tweeted out Nancy Pelosi's location ...oh, wait ... nevermind. 	5
The future America First Qaucus Republiqans want 	7
I'm actually all for them sarcastically caring about kids in cages, maybe we can get them to sarcastically vote for progressives next ? 	7
Ugh - goebbels lite is in the news again..... 	7
Florida Gov. Ron Desantis justifying the new “anti-riot” bill he just signed 	0
My mission is to ruin Ted Cruz’s political career. 	0
The updated map if Texas succeeds in seceding from the union. 	0
Mississippi Governor Signs Bill Banning Transgender Athletes From Female Sports, And Macho Man Randy Savage Calls Bullshit On It. 	7
"Remember when Trump said ""why do we want these people from shithole countries""? he was referring to Haiti. but then here is an actual shithole place to live in, you guessed it, it's Detroit Michigan "	7
"ACTUAL QUOTE FROM BOOK: ""I Donald Trump, Commander of The United Freedom Fighters of America and Russia do solemnly swear to defeat China and all her Democratic traitor allies, including the CyberPelosi and the AOCatron."" "	8
Idaho Democrats just ripping apart the Idaho GOP 	0
My first thought upon hearing someone rammed through a barricade at the capital 	0
Where is that dude who shot Harambe when you need him? 	7
Luckily psychopaths like him usually come to a sticky end!! 	0
Corporations will invite serious consequences! 	0
They were so giddy when RBG died. Karma came with a vengeance. 	7
Senator Joe Manchin shows his oil-puppet side 	0
They're going to make him the new Reagan, aren't they? 	8
Hmm.......Wonder if Rob Walton has enough cars? 	7
Is anyone going say anything about this? 	0
Conservatives are mad that a cartoon character isn't gonna appear in a movie that they aren't gonna watch anyway 'cause Lebron James is in it SMH! 	7
Have fun with the latest failed boycott, righties. 	7
Are all Republicans this fucking stupid? 	7
Name One Time The British Monarchy Has Done Something Racist. I'll Wait. 	7
She Fits Right In With Trump Who Tried To Blame His Casino Failure On An Executive Who Died In A Helicopter Crash... 	0
A totally normal chain of events for certain people 	0
Trump Says 'Maybe I'll Have to Leave the Country' If I Lose 	0
According to people who were actually there, the beach scene was historically accurate 	0
Six different flags have flown over Texas. Ted Cruz wants a seventh. 	0
One makes America great, the rest is American hate (OK maybe not the Nazi flag, but the rhyme was too good to pass up) 	8
The freedom to shit myself is in the second amendment 	7
Watch the hilarity ensue on the alt right tighty wighty side! 	7
Bonk! Someone's next. Horny jail you will go! Leave the kids alone Pedo! 	8
Confirmation from the Justice Department, despite Trumps immature name-calling and rants on Twitter 	7
Police officer fire diamond just dropped.(my reasoning in comments) 	0
A year ago, this was our nation's response to the pandemic. 	0
Reinhard Gehlen and Klaus Barbie, look them up 	0
Glorification of guns and nothing else. Literally nothing else. 	8
In Die Hard (1988) the character of Harry Ellis was a slimy incompetent amoral drug-addicted sexual predator, implying that he was modeled after Matt Gaetz. 	0
What comes as zero shock is that you don’t realize you are the definition of this disorder 	7
US Border Patrol reports migrants are climbing over Trump’s $15B wall with $5 ladders 	7
“Good change bad because all Change bad” 	8
Fool me once, shame on... shame on you. Fool me—you can't get fooled again! 	7
What happens when you get paid big bucks. 	0
"We get it, you're MAGA, but do you have to ""shove it down our throats""... I mean, it IS a choice "	8
I’m afraid that, as far as my photoshopping skills go, this is as good as it Gaetz. 	3
Trump wants you to boycott Coca Cola because..... What's that behind the phone?? 	7
Democrat in the WH, Mass shootings, talk of gun laws...The grift is back on fellas! Wayne Vladmir LaPierre 	7
"A ""Shiva"" is a Jewish mourning ritual. What better place for ""locker room talk"" eh? "	7
I guess it was different when innocent Daddy Ted fled Cuba through bribery. Even tho we don’t know what side he was even on. As Ted said: “He was a guerilla, throwing Molotov cocktails and blowing up buildings” 	7
I liked the speech yesterday but when Biden put his hands on the podium like this I could not stop laughing. 	7
I fart in your general direction Spice girl Matt Gaetz 	7
Breaking: GOP rep Matt Gaetz under investigation for having sex with a girl who was 17 	0
Even then, the tax rate will only effect any money earned after the 1st million. 	0
It’s Not Easy Calculating Hate Into Someone’s Compensation Package 	8
Say what you will, but he's committed to his constituents 	8
#SaveOurChildren Apparently Only Works When You Switch The Font To White... 	8
When your brand is so fragile that you embrace Cancel Culture 	7
"Captain Actual American in ""Fighting For Truth, Justice & The American Cheese"" [OC] "	7
Corporations paying no taxes are taking your children's future away 	0
A Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business 	0
After 4 years of lies and BS, this is nice 	0
Matthew McConaughey leads Gov. Greg Abbott, 45% to 33% in a Texas poll. The numbers widen to 98% to 2% when when the polls include shirtless photos of both men. 	7
Are my abomination drawings allowed here? 	7
Yes Ted, we all know you've been a giant DOUCHE for years 	7
The moment you realize that: For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. 	5
Why do they go against the word of their god? 	8
Happy Easter from the former “President” more likely to be on the links than in the pews. Also, the only bunny he wants is Playboy, not chocolate. 	7
There’s A Reason It’s Not Referred To As A Renewable Resource... And No, God Magically Isn’t Going To Make More. 	7
POV: You are deep in the halls of the conservative intelligentsia 	0
Ok now that’s some delicious Political Humor. 	0
Anyone seen Marjorie Taylor Greene self-portrait yet? 	0
Can't vote in Kentucky but I'll vote with my venmo 	7
When you’ve never been to a Home Depo in your life & walk out with a small plank 	7
Fox News, OAN and Newsmax waiting to hear if the Capital attacker has a foreign sounding name. 	7
Republican Hypocrasy, Exhibit #5,483,626 	5
"When Conservatives Said ""Drain The Swamp"" We Didn't Mean Replace It With A River Of Toxic Sludge 🤦‍♀️ "	5
But aren’t all the people there a “good guy with a gun?” 	7
LOOKS LIKE TRUMP'S THREATS REALLY DID WORK... 	0
May be a repost, may be gold, may be both. 	0
As an American and Minnesotan, I can not help but feel this way lately. Stay safe everyone! 	0
If it wasn’t for a woman with a phone he’d still be out there doing exactly what he did. 	7
Operation Warp Speed is Government Funded Healthcare...prove me wrong. 	0
(clap clap clap clap) Deep in the heart... Of Darwin... 	7
It’s spelled FTucker Carlson. The “T” is silent. 	7
It just goes to show you cannot predict someone simply on past behavior. 	0
When conservatives mock Biden for his gaffes but ignore shit like this! 	0
Literally Never believe a white person who uses a hard r when they say they arent racists 	7
Safe Space = Republican rented hotel rooms 	7
Crowder recreating the George Floyd incident (not knowing how center of gravity work asking to shift constantly) 	7
Can’t make this up. Retweets saying we need to see evidence, then posts about rigged election...without evidence. 	5
Is it just me or does the Conservative London Mayor candidate look like he’s advertising a washing detergent 	7
Spotted this comment at just the right moment to help get it the attention it deserves. 	0
As always, Cruz has his priorities straight 	7
Florida, where getting your crotch checked is necessary for high school sports, but getting your head checked isn’t necessary for a government role. 	7
I feel like I received a Lifetime Achievement award. See comments for the backstory. 	0
Trump is remarkably stupid with his clownish foreign policy 	7
Frick you Carolyn Meadows and your candyass ammosexuals who ran away from litigation in New York State and make murder and phallic posturing a corporate logo. 	8
We’ll think about it. So, we thought about it and no. 	7
Give your balls a tug, Texas is following in Georgia's anti-democratic footsteps 	8
So easy to advocate for tax breaks for big corporations so difficult to add $5 to someone’s salary you call hero. 	6
I just booked the band for Matt Gaetz Retirement Party. I'm sure they'll play his girlfriend's favorite song 	7
Mike Huckabee... “Trump Would Win 70% Of The Vote If Only Republicans Could Vote!” 	7
In case you missed day 1 of Derek Chauvin’s trial, here’s what you missed. 	0
Regulation won't work, and neither will holding cops accountable apparently 	8
One was born in one country, moved to another, stirred up a bunch of shit, ran when the going got tough, and looked awful with a beard. The other is Che Guevara. 	7
Donny When Joe Does Normal President Stuff (vid in comments) 	0
Conservatives think Bill Maher is taking their side when in reality the only politicians who actually wasted time of day bitching about Dr. Suess were Republicans LMAO 	5
I’ve heard some really bad things about socialism lately... 	0
People really live in their own little bubbles 	0
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. 	6
Throwback to when a circus peanut flirted with nuclear holocaust just to show off his yuge button 	7
We can end racist Republican voter suppression 	0
It's Good To Hear He's Moved On To Bigger And Better Things. Folks Say He Never Recovered From Learning That Rosa Parks Had Also Been Awarded The Presidential Medal Of Freedom. 	7
If only we had a vaccine for Republican disinformation 	0
Just smile at the muggles, Donald... AVADA KEDAVRA! 	7
I should have bought Donald Trump Canary...I regret this everyday. 	7
When you find your wife turned on for the first time in her life 	0
It's Saturday March 13, where is the money? 	0
Marijuana is going to break into your house and stab your kids! 	7
StarTribune: Built-in response to the infrastructure plan - 4/2/21 	0
President Barack Obama committing obvious crime, August 28, 2019 	0
Hey police officers, why do you guys love big black trucks with dark tinted windows so much? 	7
TBH, He Seems To Me To Be Much More Composed And Rational Than The Very Stable Genius. 	7
See it’s just blown up news, poor guy is a victim yet again. 	7
See nothing, hear nothing, know nothing. 	0
“I'm from the Government, and I'm here to help.” 	0
Making a historical license plate historically correct 	0
“yOuR dONaTiNg tOo tHe WrOnG oLd WhItE pEeple!” 	7
It just feels like time and money poorly spent. 	0
Vaccines typically take upwards of 5 years to develop because individual companies are funding the research. The amount of money that governments around the world poured into COVID-19 vaccines was staggering and that made the difference. 	0
Most beloved political figure in U.S. history 	0
When Minorities and White Allies Come Together To Save The World... 	0
"Gee, think Republicans will try to spin this as ""Cancel Culture""? "	8
GOPQ getting their talking points from commie Putin 	7
When the problem becomes so obvious even Piers Morgan figures it out 	7
How am I supposed to know how to convert from McDonalds to metric? 	7
Considering how great the government is at everything, this isn’t surprising. 	0
#BernieBenAndJerryGate will be trending literally nowhere 	0
Unnecessary military spending > affordable healthcare 	6
"I don't think ""Anglo Saxon political tradition"" would permit QAnon Queen Greene to serve in Congress "	7
Those who don't learn from the past something something 	7
Give your check to your democratic neighbor to own the libs 	0
If there were such a place as heaven, I'd bet that my chances of getting there as an atheist are better than most of the hypocrite Christians I've come across in life 	7
"Can't wait to hear about a mythical ""War on Easter"" - coming this April to a propaganda news network near you "	6
Sure let’s give it all to the upper levels, of course they’ll pass it down to others... 	7
When Ron Johnson spouts authentic frontier gibberish about how we're giving out too many vaccines 	7
Ron Watkins and dad are some sick soap land fans... 	0
"I am sure those ""anti-censorship, pro-free market"" Republicans aren't being hypocrites here "	5
Not only did we learn about Kong’s heritage, we also learned about Mitch McConnell’s too. Kong vs. Godzilla 	7
Conservatives Gone Wild on Today's Springer! 	7
Shout Out to Guy at the Fox News Graphic's Desk 	7
With today being the beginning of Holy Week, let's remind the All Lives Matter crowd how they sound. 	7
I found this in a Starbucks drive-thru in Wisconsin. 	0
Decided to check in on the Conservatives Sub today, here’s the jist: 	0
Reminder that cops aren't supposed to execute people, guilty or not 	6
This Woody Harrelson film is quite nerve racking 	0
I heard cops were touching kyle on the bootstraps 	8
Rude. Trump paid corporations a lot of your money for that cure, tyvm. 	7
An elected child sex trafficker, his friend the appointed child sex trafficker, and a mass murderer walk into a bar... 	7
We did it guys, police brutality is no more... 	0
The truth America doesn't want to admit. 	0
They might as well just leave the flag like this... 	0
Nestled In This Week’s US Treasury’s Russian Sanctions Press Release.... 	0
Hey DJTJ, thanks for keeping Nancy Reagan’s legacy of keeping drugs off the streets and in to your private stash. 	7
I understand it's a gross over simplification, but it's also not entirely wrong (p.s. I'm not anti gun ownership, just pro common sense about how we do it) 	0
Dude has spent 20 months trying to stop dropping the N-bomb... 	7
Typical Republican. All sin and no redeeming value. 	8
Vanity Fair might have won best title of the year 	0
How stupid are rEpUbLiCaNs? They are THIS level of stupid... They are so stupid they don't even understand that Frank Naccarato is a Russian troll account 	8
Say what you mean, and mean what you say... 	0
God man fraud calls for a boycott of Coca Cola while a half empty bottle of Diet Coke sits on his desk 	7
Amazon sends Matt Gaetz the wrong item the day before the big event. 	0
Lots of 5 to 5 out of 8's depending on the voter.... 	0
Is it sad that it feels like there is a non-0% chance of this happening? 	0
One year ago, Lysol had to issue this statement in response to the president suggesting injecting of bleach and UV light 	0
The shoe would definitely be on the other foot 	7
It’s amazing what good leadership can do 	0
For guys who have seen this look before, you know the argument is already lost 	0
This just in. Texas bans drivers licenses because driving is a God given right. 	6
El Salvador and the Contras in Nicaragua...human rights violations, we continue the saga... 	0
I found where the orange man has been hiding. 	7
A cry for help spotted in rural Arkansas 	7
DJTJ- you are not fucking “woke” and your father is the poster child of obesity. Stop trying to be relevant. 	7
Rent, food and bills can wait. I NEED your money now! 	7
Took me 24 years of playing Goldeneye but I finally unlocked the Taser 	0
Black lives won’t matter until white people start dying 	0
